<!DOCTYPE html>
<html  lang="en" dir="ltr" prefix="content: http://purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/content/  dc: http://purl.org/dc/terms/  foaf: http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/  og: http://ogp.me/ns#  rdfs: http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#  schema: http://schema.org/  sioc: http://rdfs.org/sioc/ns#  sioct: http://rdfs.org/sioc/types#  skos: http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#  xsd: http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema# ">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
<script>(function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i["GoogleAnalyticsObject"]=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){(i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)})(window,document,"script","https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js","ga");ga("create", "UA-50954220-2", {"cookieDomain":"auto"});ga("set", "anonymizeIp", true);ga("send", "pageview");</script>
<meta name="title" content="Monero DevMeeting 2018-12-16 | Monerobase" />
<link rel="canonical" href="monero_devmeeting_2018-12-16.html" />
<meta name="description" content="Highlights

GUI

	Lot&#039;s of Pull Requests (new code).
		Most of the changes are centered on bug fixes, UI/User Experience, and performance improvements.
		Even though these are small changes, they amount to some significant upgrades.
		Of special note:
		 Date based restore - A user restoring their wallet can select an approximate date of its creation and it will restore from there.  This is much easier on users as they won&#039;t have to guess a block height.
			 Simple mode - (Still in planning) A more str" />
<meta name="Generator" content="Drupal 8 (https://www.drupal.org)" />
<meta name="MobileOptimized" content="width" />
<meta name="HandheldFriendly" content="true" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../sites/default/files/favicon_1.ico" type="image/vnd.microsoft.icon" />
<link rel="revision" href="monero_devmeeting_2018-12-16.html" />

    <title>Monero DevMeeting 2018-12-16 | Monerobase</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../sites/default/files/css/css__wBfhyL83sORKzo__AgHv4HOGuOoSbIzIaa4clq9PXs.css%3Fpjuemb.css" media="all" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/bootswatch/3.3.7/united/bootstrap.min.css" media="all" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../sites/default/files/css/css_R2R9FNh48VwRxsf30Dy2We_s9-CIFNVJLM4bsKoNCis.css%3Fpjuemb.css" media="all" />

    
<!--[if lte IE 8]>
<script src="/sites/default/files/js/js_VtafjXmRvoUgAzqzYTA3Wrjkx9wcWhjP0G4ZnnqRamA.js"></script>
<![endif]-->

  </head>
  <body class="path-node page-node-type-article has-glyphicons">
    <a href="monero_devmeeting_2018-12-16.html#main-content" class="visually-hidden focusable skip-link">
      Skip to main content
    </a>
    
      <div class="dialog-off-canvas-main-canvas" data-off-canvas-main-canvas>
              <header class="navbar navbar-default container" id="navbar" role="banner">
            <div class="navbar-header">
        
                          <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#navbar-collapse">
            <span class="sr-only">Toggle navigation</span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
          </button>
              </div>

                    <div id="navbar-collapse" class="navbar-collapse collapse">
            <div class="region region-navigation-collapsible">
    <nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-main-menu-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-main-menu">
            <h2 class="sr-only" id="block-monerobasebs-main-menu-menu">Main navigation</h2>

      
      <ul class="menu menu--main nav navbar-nav">
                      <li class="first">
                                        <a href="../index.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="&lt;front&gt;">Home</a>
              </li>
                      <li class="last">
                                        <a href="../node/58.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="node/58">The Tip Jar</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>
<nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-account-menu-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-account-menu">
            <h2 class="sr-only" id="block-monerobasebs-account-menu-menu">User account menu</h2>

      
      <ul class="menu menu--account nav navbar-nav navbar-right">
                      <li class="first last">
                                        <a href="../user/login.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="user/login">Log in</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>

  </div>

        </div>
                </header>
  
  <div role="main" class="main-container container js-quickedit-main-content">
    <div class="row">

                              <div class="col-sm-12" role="heading">
              <div class="region region-header">
          <a class="logo navbar-btn pull-left" href="../index.html" title="Home" rel="home">
      <img src="../sites/default/files/monerobase-pinkie.png" alt="Home" />
    </a>
        

  </div>

          </div>
              
            
                  <section class="col-sm-9">

                                      <div class="highlighted">  <div class="region region-highlighted">
        <h1 class="page-header"><span property="schema:name">Monero DevMeeting 2018-12-16</span>
</h1>


  </div>
</div>
                  
                                      
                  
                          <a id="main-content"></a>
            <div class="region region-content">
      <article data-history-node-id="60" role="article" about="/article/monero_devmeeting_2018-12-16" typeof="schema:Article" class="article is-promoted full clearfix">

  
      <span property="schema:name" content="Monero DevMeeting 2018-12-16" class="hidden"></span>


      <footer>
      <article typeof="schema:Person" about="/user/1">
  </article>

      <div class="author">
        Submitted by <span rel="schema:author"><span lang="" about="/user/1" typeof="schema:Person" property="schema:name" datatype="">aerbax</span></span>
 on <span property="schema:dateCreated" content="2018-12-16T18:13:23+00:00">Sun, 12/16/2018 - 13:13</span>
          <span property="schema:dateCreated" content="2018-12-16T18:13:23+00:00" class="hidden"></span>

      </div>
    </footer>
  
  <div class="content">
    
            <div property="schema:text" class="field field--name-body field--type-text-with-summary field--label-hidden field--item"><h4><u>Highlights</u></h4>

<ul><li><strong>GUI</strong>

	<ul><li>Lot's of Pull Requests (new code).</li>
		<li>Most of the changes are centered on bug fixes, UI/User Experience, and performance improvements.</li>
		<li>Even though these are small changes, they amount to some significant upgrades.</li>
		<li>Of special note:
		<ul><li> Date based restore - A user restoring their wallet can select an approximate date of its creation and it will restore from there.  This is much easier on users as they won't have to guess a block height.</li>
			<li> Simple mode - (Still in planning) A more streamlined way for new users to select a remote node rather than downloading the whole blockchain.  
			<ul><li> A hybrid model will eventually become available as well.  This will allow you to use a remote node while the blockchain is "bootstrapping" on your machine.</li>
			</ul></li>
		</ul></li>
		<li>Trezor support will likely be included in the next major release (~Q1 2019...~April).</li>
		<li>The Windows Installer is waiting for <s>Fluffy </s>Luigi to do his thing.
		<ul><li>(update) It is <strong><em>possible </em></strong>that this could be included as soon as the upcoming 0.13.0.5 release.</li>
		</ul></li>
	</ul></li>
	<li><strong>Core</strong>
	<ul><li>Mooo is working on speedups and pruning to the core.</li>
		<li>vtnerd has implemented some integrated Tor support (p2p peer sharing and Transaction broadcasting).</li>
	</ul></li>
</ul><h4><u>Full Log</u></h4>

<pre>
11:59 AM &lt;rehrar&gt; Yay it's meeting time.
11:59 AM &lt;rehrar&gt; 1. Greetings
11:59 AM &lt;rehrar&gt; Anybody home in this dev place?
11:59 AM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Yep.
12:00 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; ph4r05: note that we have #monero-gui as well :)
12:00 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; ha! dEBRUYNE you have outed yourself and being here accidentally
12:01 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; Hah I am!
12:01 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; dsc isn't here. It'd be nice to have some GUI perspective also
12:01 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; either way, at least now we are three which is better than two of last time
12:01 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; I'm not particularly interested in the website stuff tbh.
12:02 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; website stuff meaning?
12:02 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; That's in reference to ErCiccione[m] I think
12:02 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; ah, got it
12:02 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; ok
12:02 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; rehrar: I can provide an update on the GUI if you want
12:02 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; 2. What's been done since previous meeting
12:03 PM ⇐ OpenSorceress quit (~opensorce@unaffiliated/screamingbanshee) Remote host closed the connection
12:03 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; dEBRUYNE, sure, go ahead
12:04 PM → msvb-mob joined (~msvb-lab@monero/hardware/michael)
12:04 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; So pace has been picking up in the last few weeks with a lot of PRs
12:05 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; Most of them are small UI/UX improvements, performance improvements, or bug fixes
12:05 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; The overal effect will be significant though
12:05 PM ⇐ beffbernard quit (~beffberna@CPEf09fc2c23937-CMac202e7694f0.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com) Quit: My MacBook has gone to sleep. ZZZzzz…
12:05 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; One of the contributors also added a feature where the user can input the approximate date of his wallet and it will automatically convert to the proper restore height
12:05 PM &lt;jtgrassie&gt; hello
12:06 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; We've also made a plan to implement a simple mode that is more curtailed to remote node users
12:06 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; ooh that sounds interesting
12:06 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; The mode will have all advanced features disabled and automatically connect to a remote node
12:06 PM → OpenSorceress joined (~opensorce@unaffiliated/screamingbanshee)
12:06 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; just a common stupid question, Trezor will also be available with the next release?
12:06 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; Thereafter we also want to create a simple node for local node users
12:07 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; I see a big question looming whether this will be default, the "simple mode"
12:07 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; It won't :-P
12:07 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; But pressure will build probably from some quarters :)
12:07 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; Thereafter we also want to create a simple node for local node users &lt;= To expand, users would have an option to automatically use a bootstrap node
12:07 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; In addition, the interface for this mode will also be simplified
12:08 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; So the next version will have simple mode (for remote node users) and 'advanced' (which is the current mode)
12:08 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; The version thereafter will likely have an additional mode, i.e., simple mode for local node users
12:08 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; Which I think will ultimately be the best default
12:08 PM &lt;selsta&gt; 18:05 &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; The overal effect will be significant though &lt;-- +1, fixing the small issues makes a big difference, the GUI feel less out place
12:08 PM → coppa joined (~Thunderbi@88.190.31.115)
12:08 PM &lt;ErCiccione[m]&gt; moneromooo: fair enough, i invited you since you are the one with administrator powers on the gitlab instance. I don't know who else have them
12:08 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; &lt;rehrar&gt; just a common stupid question, Trezor will also be available with the next release? &lt;= I think ph4r05 has stated that he is targeting Q1 for Trezor integration
12:09 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; So likely, I guess
12:09 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Will this all be part of dsc's paid full time work on the GUI wallet?
12:09 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; Yes
12:09 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; dsc has also revamped the wizard and will be implementing a white theme
12:09 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; dsc is a beast
12:09 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; I do, I think pony also does, but probably doesn't have time for this. Are you including this in "website" ?
12:10 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; sounds like a lot of exciting stuff for the GUI. So the next planned for is April if I recall correctly.
12:10 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; We still trying to freeze three months before that? Both a GUI and Core question
12:11 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; GUI is generally a bit more lenient with respect to code freezes
12:11 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; I think the GUI will freeze in March somewhere and hopefully have a release end of March
12:11 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; :)
12:11 PM &lt;kinghat&gt; dEBRUYNE: will you get to select a mode on first launch after install or will you be put into one mode and then have to change it? i like the former idea.
12:12 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; kinghat: The mode would be selected in the wizard
12:12 PM &lt;kinghat&gt; nice. what about rbrunner and his magical windows installer?
12:12 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; hyc kind of gave an update on RandomX yesterday in the coffee chat, but if he's around maybe he can give a small thing here too?
12:12 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; and if any sarang is around that'd be cool too
12:12 PM &lt;ErCiccione[m]&gt; moneromooo: yes, but pony redirected me to you when there were technicall issues. BTW it's not a problem for me to ping you here in case of issues that need your "power" :).  What do you mean for "this"?
12:13 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Installer is still .... still .... waiting for fluffypony
12:13 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; otherwise, anything interesting going on in core moneromooo?
12:13 PM &lt;vtnerd_&gt; the initial Tor step (p2p peer sharing and tx broadcasting) is done and should go up for review today
12:13 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; kinghat: Well I still think having an installer variant would be hugely beneficial for the ecosystem
12:13 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; gitlab
12:13 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; And hopefully fluffypony will be able to build it (some day :-P)
12:13 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Sometimes I am tempted to make a PR to delete the sorry thing :)
12:13 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Just to make a point ...
12:13 PM → xmrmatterbridge joined (~xmrmatter@lists.getmonero.org)
12:13 PM &lt;ErCiccione[m]&gt; that's great vtnerd_. Looking forward to see it
12:13 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; rehrar: pruning, speedups. Maybe more I can't think about atm.
12:15 PM &lt;kinghat&gt; dEBRUYNE/rbrunner: nice. is monero closer to a day where we dont have to rely on someone to personally build?
12:15 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; The building is not the problem. Publishing is.
12:15 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; At least right now
12:15 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; vtnerd_: that's actually super exciting. Do you expect it to go up with the next release?
12:15 PM &lt;ErCiccione[m]&gt; moneromoo: yes, everything website related is discussed there. So also gitlab stuff
12:15 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; For the installer at least, right now
12:15 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; kinghat: that's a question for TheCharlatan
12:16 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; You can build all you want, if nobody puts it up on getmonero.org, well ...
12:16 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; moneromooo can you elaborate on pruning, or is that opening a can of worms?
12:16 PM &lt;vtnerd_&gt; difficult to say. a decent amount of changes into the p2p node section had to be made obviously, so that comes with risk
12:16 PM &lt;vtnerd_&gt; its not hard to follow, but any changes need to be looked at/tested closely
12:17 PM &lt;vtnerd_&gt; the changes are abstract enough where kovri/i2p should be possible to add with minimal additional changes
12:17 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; vtnerd_: on the off chance that a ton of support can be raised to test this from many people, and others to look at the code, it's a perhaps maybe?
12:17 PM &lt;vtnerd_&gt; when is the code freeze and release?
12:18 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; that's something I'd like to know. Fork is in April, so release should be sooner than that, and freeze was meant to be three months earlier, correct?
12:18 PM &lt;ErCiccione[m]&gt; vtnerd_: iirc the idea was to freeze in january...
12:19 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; That freeze will be interesting to watch
12:19 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; regardless, I'm more than happy to speak with you vtnerd_ about what info would be useful for you from a testing perspective (and mooo too). And I can see about writing up a tutorial for common scrubs to test and put relevant stuff on pastebin for you guys to look at
12:19 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; The first release is supposed to be in january.
12:19 PM &lt;vtnerd_&gt; ok, so then its possible but Id have to see how the first review comments go before I know
12:20 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; I think a lot of people might be willing to test if it wasn't so foreign for them, and having a tutorial/guide that holds their hand through the testing process (at least to get some general stuff that may or may not be of use) may help more people test on their machines. Would this be useful moneromooo ?
12:20 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Or does a person have to have a minimum level of knowledge to contribute meaningful data (not noise)
12:21 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; You just need basic computer literacy and common sense to test a lot of stuff.
12:22 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Actually... also know how to install packages and type make.
12:22 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; may we speak briefly at a later point about this? I really would like to help get more people involved in the testing process.
12:22 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Some things are more complicated.
12:22 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; as that has been a common complaint in recent releases
12:22 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Testing is really the same as using, except you go through things more systematically.
12:24 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; alrighty, well unless there are other updates from other sources, we can move on to PR/ticket questions if anyone has them
12:24 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; I'll give this a few minutes, and if not we can see about other meeting items
12:27 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Alright, other meeting items? Anything to say about anything anywhere at anytime?
12:28 PM &lt;kinghat&gt; i just hope everyone's having fun! :P
12:28 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; how to ban kinghat?
12:29 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Alright guys, thanks for the updates. See you all in a couple weeks.
12:34 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; &lt;moneromooo&gt; The first release is supposed to be in january. &lt;= Is it supposed to contain consensus changes as well?
12:34 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Yes, except the CN tweak.</pre>
</div>
      
  <div class="bstag field field--name-field-tags field--type-entity-reference field--label-above">
    <div class="field--label">Tags</div>
          <div class="field--items">
              <div class="field--item"><a href="../taxonomy/term/1.html" property="schema:about" hreflang="en">DevMeeting</a></div>
              </div>
      </div>

  </div>

</article>


  </div>

              </section>

                              <aside class="col-sm-3" role="complementary">
              <div class="region region-sidebar-second">
    
<div class="search-block-form block block-search block-search-form-block" data-drupal-selector="search-block-form" id="block-monerobasebs-search" role="search">
  
      <h2 class="visually-hidden">Search</h2>
    
      <form action="https://monerobase.com/search/node" method="get" id="search-block-form" accept-charset="UTF-8">
  <div class="form-item js-form-item form-type-search js-form-type-search form-item-keys js-form-item-keys form-no-label form-group">
      <label for="edit-keys" class="control-label sr-only">Search</label>
  
  
  <div class="input-group"><input title="Enter the terms you wish to search for." data-drupal-selector="edit-keys" class="form-search form-control" placeholder="Search" type="search" id="edit-keys" name="keys" value="" size="15" maxlength="128" data-toggle="tooltip" /><span class="input-group-btn"><button type="submit" value="Search" class="button js-form-submit form-submit btn-primary btn icon-only" name=""><span class="sr-only">Search</span><span class="icon glyphicon glyphicon-search" aria-hidden="true"></span></button></span></div>

  
  
  </div>
<div class="form-actions form-group js-form-wrapper form-wrapper" data-drupal-selector="edit-actions" id="edit-actions--2"></div>

</form>

  </div>

  </div>

          </aside>
                  </div>
  </div>

      <footer class="footer container" role="contentinfo">
        <div class="region region-footer">
    <nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-footer-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-footer">
            
  <h2 class="visually-hidden" id="block-monerobasebs-footer-menu">Footer menu</h2>
  

        
      <ul class="menu menu--footer nav">
                      <li class="first last">
                                        <a href="../contact.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="contact">Contact</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>

  </div>

    </footer>
  
  </div>

    
    <script type="application/json" data-drupal-selector="drupal-settings-json">{"path":{"baseUrl":"\/","scriptPath":null,"pathPrefix":"","currentPath":"node\/60","currentPathIsAdmin":false,"isFront":false,"currentLanguage":"en"},"pluralDelimiter":"\u0003","google_analytics":{"trackOutbound":true,"trackMailto":true,"trackDownload":true,"trackDownloadExtensions":"7z|aac|arc|arj|asf|asx|avi|bin|csv|doc(x|m)?|dot(x|m)?|exe|flv|gif|gz|gzip|hqx|jar|jpe?g|js|mp(2|3|4|e?g)|mov(ie)?|msi|msp|pdf|phps|png|ppt(x|m)?|pot(x|m)?|pps(x|m)?|ppam|sld(x|m)?|thmx|qtm?|ra(m|r)?|sea|sit|tar|tgz|torrent|txt|wav|wma|wmv|wpd|xls(x|m|b)?|xlt(x|m)|xlam|xml|z|zip"},"bootstrap":{"forms_has_error_value_toggle":1,"modal_animation":1,"modal_backdrop":"true","modal_focus_input":1,"modal_keyboard":1,"modal_select_text":1,"modal_show":1,"modal_size":"","popover_enabled":1,"popover_animation":1,"popover_auto_close":1,"popover_container":"body","popover_content":"","popover_delay":"0","popover_html":0,"popover_placement":"right","popover_selector":"","popover_title":"","popover_trigger":"click","popover_trigger_autoclose":1,"tooltip_enabled":1,"tooltip_animation":1,"tooltip_container":"body","tooltip_delay":"0","tooltip_html":0,"tooltip_placement":"auto left","tooltip_selector":"","tooltip_trigger":"hover"},"ajaxTrustedUrl":{"\/search\/node":true},"statistics":{"data":{"nid":"60"},"url":"\/core\/modules\/statistics\/statistics.php"},"user":{"uid":0,"permissionsHash":"6e8b9e2018e56017e45be6781217b2cd0b2bbc3b78d0c3e3ba56d47f547db4ee"}}</script>
<script src="../sites/default/files/js/js_E4Tr-H7Le9ipAqZS8D6MaK3E1BwfV_2_T7-uEptohlE.js"></script>
<script src="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/js/all.js"></script>
<script src="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/js/v4-shims.js"></script>
<script src="../sites/default/files/js/js_f2fH9USt37hLTTE1fyT7CjmcVvMC7SAlrilqRnW_-PY.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/bootstrap/3.3.7/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
<script src="../sites/default/files/js/js_i5SBX_d9v80iNxz7wZqRTlzbBTI23wO1LUsxHUToGTY.js"></script>

  </body>
</html>
