<!DOCTYPE html>
<html  lang="en" dir="ltr" prefix="content: http://purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/content/  dc: http://purl.org/dc/terms/  foaf: http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/  og: http://ogp.me/ns#  rdfs: http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#  schema: http://schema.org/  sioc: http://rdfs.org/sioc/ns#  sioct: http://rdfs.org/sioc/types#  skos: http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#  xsd: http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema# ">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
<script>(function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i["GoogleAnalyticsObject"]=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){(i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)})(window,document,"script","https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js","ga");ga("create", "UA-50954220-2", {"cookieDomain":"auto"});ga("set", "anonymizeIp", true);ga("send", "pageview");</script>
<meta name="title" content="Monero DevMeeting 2018-09-09 | Monerobase" />
<link rel="canonical" href="monero_devmeeting_2018-09-09.html" />
<meta name="description" content="Highlights

Since it&#039;s so close to the scheduled update(~Oct 18th, 2018), the next release will be v0.13.0.0 rather than v0.12.4.0
	The latest Proof of Work(PoW) changes to CryptoNightv2 could use some C++ developer scrutiny
	Kovri is now officially hosted on Gitlab. The main Monero codebase may or may not move." />
<meta name="Generator" content="Drupal 8 (https://www.drupal.org)" />
<meta name="MobileOptimized" content="width" />
<meta name="HandheldFriendly" content="true" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../sites/default/files/favicon_1.ico" type="image/vnd.microsoft.icon" />
<link rel="revision" href="monero_devmeeting_2018-09-09.html" />

    <title>Monero DevMeeting 2018-09-09 | Monerobase</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../sites/default/files/css/css__wBfhyL83sORKzo__AgHv4HOGuOoSbIzIaa4clq9PXs.css%3Fpjuemb.css" media="all" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/bootswatch/3.3.7/united/bootstrap.min.css" media="all" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../sites/default/files/css/css_R2R9FNh48VwRxsf30Dy2We_s9-CIFNVJLM4bsKoNCis.css%3Fpjuemb.css" media="all" />

    
<!--[if lte IE 8]>
<script src="/sites/default/files/js/js_VtafjXmRvoUgAzqzYTA3Wrjkx9wcWhjP0G4ZnnqRamA.js"></script>
<![endif]-->

  </head>
  <body class="path-node page-node-type-article has-glyphicons">
    <a href="monero_devmeeting_2018-09-09.html#main-content" class="visually-hidden focusable skip-link">
      Skip to main content
    </a>
    
      <div class="dialog-off-canvas-main-canvas" data-off-canvas-main-canvas>
              <header class="navbar navbar-default container" id="navbar" role="banner">
            <div class="navbar-header">
        
                          <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#navbar-collapse">
            <span class="sr-only">Toggle navigation</span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
          </button>
              </div>

                    <div id="navbar-collapse" class="navbar-collapse collapse">
            <div class="region region-navigation-collapsible">
    <nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-main-menu-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-main-menu">
            <h2 class="sr-only" id="block-monerobasebs-main-menu-menu">Main navigation</h2>

      
      <ul class="menu menu--main nav navbar-nav">
                      <li class="first">
                                        <a href="../index.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="&lt;front&gt;">Home</a>
              </li>
                      <li class="last">
                                        <a href="../node/58.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="node/58">The Tip Jar</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>
<nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-account-menu-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-account-menu">
            <h2 class="sr-only" id="block-monerobasebs-account-menu-menu">User account menu</h2>

      
      <ul class="menu menu--account nav navbar-nav navbar-right">
                      <li class="first last">
                                        <a href="../user/login.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="user/login">Log in</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>

  </div>

        </div>
                </header>
  
  <div role="main" class="main-container container js-quickedit-main-content">
    <div class="row">

                              <div class="col-sm-12" role="heading">
              <div class="region region-header">
          <a class="logo navbar-btn pull-left" href="../index.html" title="Home" rel="home">
      <img src="../sites/default/files/monerobase-pinkie.png" alt="Home" />
    </a>
        

  </div>

          </div>
              
            
                  <section class="col-sm-9">

                                      <div class="highlighted">  <div class="region region-highlighted">
        <h1 class="page-header"><span property="schema:name">Monero DevMeeting 2018-09-09</span>
</h1>


  </div>
</div>
                  
                                      
                  
                          <a id="main-content"></a>
            <div class="region region-content">
      <article data-history-node-id="56" role="article" about="/article/monero_devmeeting_2018-09-09" typeof="schema:Article" class="article is-promoted full clearfix">

  
      <span property="schema:name" content="Monero DevMeeting 2018-09-09" class="hidden"></span>


      <footer>
      <article typeof="schema:Person" about="/user/1">
  </article>

      <div class="author">
        Submitted by <span rel="schema:author"><span lang="" about="/user/1" typeof="schema:Person" property="schema:name" datatype="">aerbax</span></span>
 on <span property="schema:dateCreated" content="2018-09-10T16:18:48+00:00">Mon, 09/10/2018 - 12:18</span>
          <span property="schema:dateCreated" content="2018-09-10T16:18:48+00:00" class="hidden"></span>

      </div>
    </footer>
  
  <div class="content">
    
            <div property="schema:text" class="field field--name-body field--type-text-with-summary field--label-hidden field--item"><h4><u>Highlights</u></h4>

<ul><li>Since it's so close to the scheduled update(~Oct 18th, 2018), the next release will be v0.13.0.0 rather than v0.12.4.0</li>
	<li>The latest Proof of Work(PoW) changes to CryptoNightv2 could use some C++ developer scrutiny</li>
	<li>Kovri is now officially hosted on Gitlab. The main Monero codebase may or may not move. Â 
	<ul><li>Possibly Gitlab is primary and Github is a mirror.</li>
		<li>Monero may instead self-host with Gitlab software.</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>Code merge of BulletProofs and CryptoNightv2 to testnet is expected Monday/Tuesday (Sept 10/11 2018).</li>
	<li>Next meeting September 16th, 2018</li>
</ul><h4><u>Full Log</u></h4>

<pre>

&lt;rehrar&gt; Hello everyone. Dev meeting time.
&lt;rehrar&gt; 1. Greetings
&lt;rehrar&gt; anybody out there today?
&lt;vtnerd&gt; yes
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Hello!
&lt;oneiric_&gt; hi
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; hey
&lt;rehrar&gt; 2. Brief review of what's been completed since the previous meeting
&lt;rehrar&gt; What's been happening?
&lt;rehrar&gt; lel
&lt;rbrunner&gt; The blockchain grew :)
&lt;rehrar&gt; Xeagu increases the blockchain size with his mass every week now
&lt;rehrar&gt; slow week then? :)
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; Kovri alpha yet?
&lt;rehrar&gt; Kovri has had an alpha release since just before Defcon
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Well, what did not happen is 0.12.4.0, and FluffyPony confirmed yesterday that it definitely won't happen anymore
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Next ist 0.13.0.0
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; Makes sense
&lt;rehrar&gt; ok, so all of that stuff is just being rolled into 0.13.0.0?
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Looks like it
&lt;rehrar&gt; Was there anything critical there?
&lt;rehrar&gt; and did he happen to give any indication on the status of 0.13 when he spoke?
&lt;rbrunner&gt; No, just a short confirmation what we already suspected over in moneru-gui
&lt;rbrunner&gt; We have a hardfork date of October 18
&lt;rehrar&gt; so I hear
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; Latest PoW change still seems under discussion
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Well, a review would be nice, but hard to get by the necessary people with the knowledge ...
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; I'd certainly welcome a vtnerd going over it
&lt;endogenic&gt; not necessarily
&lt;endogenic&gt; there are toonnnnss of c++ and hw devs in the world
&lt;endogenic&gt; we need better outreach to devs specifically
&lt;endogenic&gt; things like dev meetups for c++ people
&lt;endogenic&gt; i'll start going and making announcements
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; agreed
&lt;endogenic&gt; "good opportunity to have your work recognized and make a big impact"
&lt;rehrar&gt; "Change the world: Monero"
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; we don't really know if a change is even needed for next HF
&lt;pigeons&gt; let people building asics spend/waste a little more money first
&lt;endogenic&gt; or "dont change the world: it was better when money was backed by something" lol
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; I was refering to change of PoW, not the world - which yes needs changin!
&lt;rehrar&gt; Alright, well, anything else happen this past week?
&lt;rehrar&gt; Maybe not to be discussed in too much detail, but anonimal started the effort of moving off of Github
&lt;rehrar&gt; kovri is now on gitlab
&lt;vtnerd&gt; jtgrassie : yes I plan to scrub over it again, and have again somewhat now
&lt;rehrar&gt; I know there was discussion of doing that with Monero in general
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Which did not get very far, didn't it?
&lt;vtnerd&gt; the sqrt stuff is the one iffy part where my eyes gloss over a bit
&lt;pigeons&gt; moneromooo is setting up a gitlab instance
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; Well, I was going to, but I didn't know anonimal did too. I thought he moved it to gitlab.com.
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; Unless that's what he actually did.
&lt;rehrar&gt; I think he is on gitlab.com, yes
&lt;pigeons&gt; Yes I think that's what he did (move to gitlab.com)
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; OK, then I'll do it.
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; vtnerd: cool. What I liked about your last April changes is they were clear and simple. This PR is big.
&lt;rehrar&gt; Monero doesn't necessarily have to be in the same place as kovri though?
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; No. If he wants to move kovri there, he can. If not, not.
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; It'd probably be less confusing to have it all in the same place though.
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; I'd agree
&lt;rehrar&gt; Alright. Whatever you guys decide.
&lt;@ArticMine&gt; The question in my mind is how many developers and contributers to Monero support Microsoft
&lt;pigeons&gt; what do you mean by "support"?
&lt;oneiric_&gt; hopefully few
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; I'd guess very few
&lt;rbrunner&gt; With "support" you mean "would vote to stick with Microsoft"?
&lt;@ArticMine&gt; I mean would want to continue using a Microsoft platform
&lt;@ArticMine&gt; Yes
&lt;rehrar&gt; I don't say this often
&lt;rehrar&gt; but Microsoft is not bae
&lt;@ArticMine&gt; So I suspect anonimal's move is just the tip of the iceberg.
&lt;oneiric_&gt; I like that anonimal ripped off the bandage, and moved to gitlab
&lt;oneiric_&gt; gets the ball rolling
&lt;pigeons&gt; there does seem to be general rough anecodatal "consensus" among the more active contributors I see that they would prefer to move away
&lt;oneiric_&gt; even if not final solution
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Thankfully, technically, it does not matter much
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Just linking to earlier things will be hard of course ...
&lt;pigeons&gt; there are decent import tools in gitlab recently improved
&lt;@ArticMine&gt; pigeons that is my read also
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; I like the idea of GitLab as the primary repository and GitHub a mirror
&lt;endogenic&gt; i thought it was already decided to do that
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; That means anything that cannot be imported still has the legacy links
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; endogenic: yes that was also my understanding
&lt;rbrunner&gt; May I say that we "decide" in confusing ways sometimes ...
&lt;rehrar&gt; decide here means that everyone agrees it's a good idea, and nobody gets it done
&lt;rehrar&gt; Monero has cool word definitions like that
&lt;@fluffypony&gt; I think the main thing is self-hosted GitLab vs gitlab.com
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; \o/
&lt;@fluffypony&gt; and we're largely leaning towards self-hosted
&lt;@ArticMine&gt; Yes
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Makes sense, IMHO, if move then move right
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Right being self-hosted
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; but then someone has to maintain it and get called an ameteur when it goes down ;)
&lt;rehrar&gt; I'm guessing we don't have an ETA on this though?
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; None.
&lt;rehrar&gt; purrrrfect
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; Since pony's around, I want to talk about when to fork testnet whenever convenient.
&lt;oneiric_&gt; is there a way to fund the server with FFS and have a group of trusted people with admin creds?
&lt;rehrar&gt; take it away
&lt;oneiric_&gt; my bad
&lt;rbrunner&gt; take away what?
&lt;@fluffypony&gt; moneromooo: is there anything preventing us from doing it tomororw?
&lt;rehrar&gt; Oh, I thought moneromooo was going to ask some questions from pony
&lt;@fluffypony&gt; *tomorrow
&lt;rehrar&gt; that's what I meant take it away (to moneromooo)
&lt;@fluffypony&gt; rehrar: he already did
&lt;rehrar&gt; oh
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; fluffypony: (1) merging the bulletproofs, and (2) maybe merging CNv2.
&lt;@fluffypony&gt; we're getting dangerously close to when we should release 0.13
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; (2) being the annoying part here, since we can wait forever with no guarantee we'll get a review :/
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; 2 seems premature
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Why only "maybe" for CNv2? Test the damn thing :)
&lt;@fluffypony&gt; jtgrassie: we've got a fork coming up in 5 weeks, I don't think it's premature
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; Because if it changes, we'll need to reorg testnet again. maybe not too much of a bother I guess.
&lt;oneiric_&gt; looking forward to OhGodAGirl's review
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; So I'd be fine merging 1 and 2 for now, and reorg on monday or tuesday if that's alright ?
&lt;@fluffypony&gt; let's do Monday, we can always re-reorg if we need to
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; fluffypony: fair enough, but we don't even know if it's needed really.
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; And btw for those who don't know, it'd be *very* nice to have everyone running the release by the 11th, due to https://github.com/monero-project/monero/issues/4287
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; OK, monday then. I'll fixup the testnet reorg kludges.
&lt;@fluffypony&gt; ok cool
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; and by needed I just mean the CNv2 change
&lt;iDunk&gt; Just a reminder that the testnet will be rolled back to a height where nethash is ~10 kH/s.
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; this CNv2 PR needs much more review given the amount of changes
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; Oh, yes, forgot this one ^_^
&lt;rbrunner&gt; jtgrassie: It's only testnet :)
&lt;rbrunner&gt; And if it gets used maybe bugs will surface earlier
&lt;rehrar&gt; moneromooo when you say it'd be nice to have everyone running the release, do you mean devy people or everyone everyone?
&lt;jtgrassie&gt; true, I'm just paranoid with large changes!
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; Everyone.
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; (if they care about DNSSEC)
&lt;rehrar&gt; alright, I'll see about coordinating something with the Community and Outreach workgroups
&lt;rehrar&gt; I think it'd be beneficial to do it anyways so we get as few "support" questions as possible
&lt;rehrar&gt; Alright, anything else?
&lt;pigeons&gt; luigi1111: fluffypony maybe look into merging https://github.com/monero-project/monero/pull/4342 which fixes windows build
&lt;rbrunner&gt; yeah, windows build working would be nice of course
&lt;iDunk&gt; And 4352 fixes linux builds.
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Anything that does not need fixing? :)
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; Bulletproofs hopefully.
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Is this the time and forum to make a final decision about the name of the release?
&lt;rehrar&gt; Alright, well, pending other topics of discussion, I think we can decide on next meeting date and adjourn.
&lt;endogenic&gt; do we want to review the bulletproofs changes since the audit?
&lt;endogenic&gt; i know ops are confirmed as constant time etc
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; Well actually they might not be constant time, interestingly.
&lt;oneiric_&gt; when will quarkslab report be released?
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; Oh, kinda forgot about that one.
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; After 0.13 I guess, they found a DoS which was supposed to go into 0.12.4.0.
&lt;oneiric_&gt; Ok, thanks moneromooo. When is 0.13 planned?
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; See above.
&lt;rbrunner&gt; About that release name...? Beryllium Bullet, Beryllium Bullet Cluster, or something else? Or not the time and place to decide this?
&lt;endogenic&gt; so.... bulletproofs...
&lt;oneiric_&gt; saw it being discussed, but no date. unless it was the "monday or tuesday"?
&lt;rehrar&gt; rbrunner: it was being discussed in the Monero forums, let me grab the link
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; That's the testnet reorg.
&lt;rehrar&gt; https://forum.getmonero.org/6/ideas/90722/release-name-for-oct-0-13-0-hard-fork
&lt;rbrunner&gt; rehrar: Yes, thanks, saw it there as well, but that's again a question about deciding ... right?
&lt;oneiric_&gt; so past oct 18 for a report on bulletproofs?
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Would be nice to have the name, to prepare docs, ReadMes, the installer, etc.
&lt;endogenic&gt; maybe we can discuss release name after we confirm if bulletproofs needs to be reviewed again
&lt;endogenic&gt; if not let's just put it live on mainnet now. yolo
&lt;rehrar&gt; endogenic: because you want Berylium Bulletproofs?
&lt;rbrunner&gt; The review would be for the changes made since the reviews, right?
&lt;endogenic&gt; nah it's for the name
&lt;endogenic&gt; just kidding, yes
&lt;oneiric_&gt; moneromooo: if quarkslab found a DoS in bulletproofs, why does that hold the release of paper until after they're implemented?
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; It was not in BPs.
&lt;rehrar&gt; ah, so we waiting for get the next release out.
&lt;oneiric_&gt; understood. Is there anyway to remove that section, and release an amended version of the paper?
&lt;rehrar&gt; So if we're not goign to decide the name now, and you want to be a part of the discussion, it'd probably be best to post on that forum. I think there was a reddit thread too. Otherwise keep an eagle eye on the IRC channels for when it will be discussed
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; stoffu: I've added 5 days' worth of blocks to the testnet bodge in the BP PR if you want to OK again ^_^
&lt;endogenic&gt; rbrunner: my reply was to you fwiw
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Yes :)
&lt;+moneromooo&gt; oneiric_: maybe, notmy call though.
&lt;oneiric_&gt; no worries, thanks moneromooo
&lt;endogenic&gt; can we ask them?
&lt;endogenic&gt; i guess sarang is the point of contact
&lt;endogenic&gt; afk
&lt;oneiric_&gt; ok, I can ask during tomorrow's MRL meeting
&lt;rehrar&gt; ye
&lt;rehrar&gt; alright guys, I guess that's it.
&lt;rehrar&gt; September 23rd sound ok? Or as we approach release, should we have it every week?
&lt;endogenic&gt; not it
&lt;endogenic&gt; i will ask again about bp change review at mrl mtg tmw as well but same thing will happen
&lt;endogenic&gt; now afk
&lt;oneiric_&gt; thanks endogenic
&lt;rehrar&gt; I will tentatively set a meeting up for next week, and it can be canceled then. So the 16th. Unless there are any objections.
* Tom_Cruise (~Tom@cpe-24-24-133-238.socal.res.rr.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)
&lt;rehrar&gt; It can be super quick, just touching base on release stuff
&lt;rbrunner&gt; With a meta entry so people don't forget ...
&lt;rehrar&gt; indeed so!
&lt;rbrunner&gt; Nice :)
&lt;rehrar&gt; alright, that's it then. Thanks for coming everyone</pre>
</div>
      
  <div class="bstag field field--name-field-tags field--type-entity-reference field--label-above">
    <div class="field--label">Tags</div>
          <div class="field--items">
              <div class="field--item"><a href="../taxonomy/term/1.html" property="schema:about" hreflang="en">DevMeeting</a></div>
              </div>
      </div>

  </div>

</article>


  </div>

              </section>

                              <aside class="col-sm-3" role="complementary">
              <div class="region region-sidebar-second">
    
<div class="search-block-form block block-search block-search-form-block" data-drupal-selector="search-block-form" id="block-monerobasebs-search" role="search">
  
      <h2 class="visually-hidden">Search</h2>
    
      <form action="https://monerobase.com/search/node" method="get" id="search-block-form" accept-charset="UTF-8">
  <div class="form-item js-form-item form-type-search js-form-type-search form-item-keys js-form-item-keys form-no-label form-group">
      <label for="edit-keys" class="control-label sr-only">Search</label>
  
  
  <div class="input-group"><input title="Enter the terms you wish to search for." data-drupal-selector="edit-keys" class="form-search form-control" placeholder="Search" type="search" id="edit-keys" name="keys" value="" size="15" maxlength="128" data-toggle="tooltip" /><span class="input-group-btn"><button type="submit" value="Search" class="button js-form-submit form-submit btn-primary btn icon-only" name=""><span class="sr-only">Search</span><span class="icon glyphicon glyphicon-search" aria-hidden="true"></span></button></span></div>

  
  
  </div>
<div class="form-actions form-group js-form-wrapper form-wrapper" data-drupal-selector="edit-actions" id="edit-actions--2"></div>

</form>

  </div>

  </div>

          </aside>
                  </div>
  </div>

      <footer class="footer container" role="contentinfo">
        <div class="region region-footer">
    <nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-footer-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-footer">
            
  <h2 class="visually-hidden" id="block-monerobasebs-footer-menu">Footer menu</h2>
  

        
      <ul class="menu menu--footer nav">
                      <li class="first last">
                                        <a href="../contact.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="contact">Contact</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>

  </div>

    </footer>
  
  </div>

    
    <script type="application/json" data-drupal-selector="drupal-settings-json">{"path":{"baseUrl":"\/","scriptPath":null,"pathPrefix":"","currentPath":"node\/56","currentPathIsAdmin":false,"isFront":false,"currentLanguage":"en"},"pluralDelimiter":"\u0003","google_analytics":{"trackOutbound":true,"trackMailto":true,"trackDownload":true,"trackDownloadExtensions":"7z|aac|arc|arj|asf|asx|avi|bin|csv|doc(x|m)?|dot(x|m)?|exe|flv|gif|gz|gzip|hqx|jar|jpe?g|js|mp(2|3|4|e?g)|mov(ie)?|msi|msp|pdf|phps|png|ppt(x|m)?|pot(x|m)?|pps(x|m)?|ppam|sld(x|m)?|thmx|qtm?|ra(m|r)?|sea|sit|tar|tgz|torrent|txt|wav|wma|wmv|wpd|xls(x|m|b)?|xlt(x|m)|xlam|xml|z|zip"},"bootstrap":{"forms_has_error_value_toggle":1,"modal_animation":1,"modal_backdrop":"true","modal_focus_input":1,"modal_keyboard":1,"modal_select_text":1,"modal_show":1,"modal_size":"","popover_enabled":1,"popover_animation":1,"popover_auto_close":1,"popover_container":"body","popover_content":"","popover_delay":"0","popover_html":0,"popover_placement":"right","popover_selector":"","popover_title":"","popover_trigger":"click","popover_trigger_autoclose":1,"tooltip_enabled":1,"tooltip_animation":1,"tooltip_container":"body","tooltip_delay":"0","tooltip_html":0,"tooltip_placement":"auto left","tooltip_selector":"","tooltip_trigger":"hover"},"ajaxTrustedUrl":{"\/search\/node":true},"statistics":{"data":{"nid":"56"},"url":"\/core\/modules\/statistics\/statistics.php"},"user":{"uid":0,"permissionsHash":"6e8b9e2018e56017e45be6781217b2cd0b2bbc3b78d0c3e3ba56d47f547db4ee"}}</script>
<script src="../sites/default/files/js/js_E4Tr-H7Le9ipAqZS8D6MaK3E1BwfV_2_T7-uEptohlE.js"></script>
<script src="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/js/all.js"></script>
<script src="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/js/v4-shims.js"></script>
<script src="../sites/default/files/js/js_f2fH9USt37hLTTE1fyT7CjmcVvMC7SAlrilqRnW_-PY.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/bootstrap/3.3.7/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
<script src="../sites/default/files/js/js_i5SBX_d9v80iNxz7wZqRTlzbBTI23wO1LUsxHUToGTY.js"></script>

  </body>
</html>
