<!DOCTYPE html>
<html  lang="en" dir="ltr" prefix="content: http://purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/content/  dc: http://purl.org/dc/terms/  foaf: http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/  og: http://ogp.me/ns#  rdfs: http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#  schema: http://schema.org/  sioc: http://rdfs.org/sioc/ns#  sioct: http://rdfs.org/sioc/types#  skos: http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#  xsd: http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema# ">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
<script>(function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i["GoogleAnalyticsObject"]=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){(i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)})(window,document,"script","https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js","ga");ga("create", "UA-50954220-2", {"cookieDomain":"auto"});ga("set", "anonymizeIp", true);ga("send", "pageview");</script>
<meta name="title" content="Monero DevMeeting 2018-08-26 | Monerobase" />
<link rel="canonical" href="monero_devmeeting_2018-08-26.html" />
<meta name="description" content="Highlights

The tentative date for the next fork is scheduled for October 18th, 2018.
	SChernykh Has posted the last of the CryptoNight-v2 changes.
	Will be merged soon
		This will be the new Proof of Work
	
	The last of the bulletproofs code will be merged soon.
	May or may not include some additional speedup code.
	
	Endogenic could use some help reviewing the LightWallet pull request
	ph4r05 has submitted some preliminary code to support Trezor devices" />
<meta name="Generator" content="Drupal 8 (https://www.drupal.org)" />
<meta name="MobileOptimized" content="width" />
<meta name="HandheldFriendly" content="true" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../sites/default/files/favicon_1.ico" type="image/vnd.microsoft.icon" />
<link rel="revision" href="monero_devmeeting_2018-08-26.html" />

    <title>Monero DevMeeting 2018-08-26 | Monerobase</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../sites/default/files/css/css__wBfhyL83sORKzo__AgHv4HOGuOoSbIzIaa4clq9PXs.css%3Fpjuemb.css" media="all" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/bootswatch/3.3.7/united/bootstrap.min.css" media="all" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../sites/default/files/css/css_R2R9FNh48VwRxsf30Dy2We_s9-CIFNVJLM4bsKoNCis.css%3Fpjuemb.css" media="all" />

    
<!--[if lte IE 8]>
<script src="/sites/default/files/js/js_VtafjXmRvoUgAzqzYTA3Wrjkx9wcWhjP0G4ZnnqRamA.js"></script>
<![endif]-->

  </head>
  <body class="path-node page-node-type-article has-glyphicons">
    <a href="monero_devmeeting_2018-08-26.html#main-content" class="visually-hidden focusable skip-link">
      Skip to main content
    </a>
    
      <div class="dialog-off-canvas-main-canvas" data-off-canvas-main-canvas>
              <header class="navbar navbar-default container" id="navbar" role="banner">
            <div class="navbar-header">
        
                          <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#navbar-collapse">
            <span class="sr-only">Toggle navigation</span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
          </button>
              </div>

                    <div id="navbar-collapse" class="navbar-collapse collapse">
            <div class="region region-navigation-collapsible">
    <nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-main-menu-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-main-menu">
            <h2 class="sr-only" id="block-monerobasebs-main-menu-menu">Main navigation</h2>

      
      <ul class="menu menu--main nav navbar-nav">
                      <li class="first">
                                        <a href="../index.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="&lt;front&gt;">Home</a>
              </li>
                      <li class="last">
                                        <a href="../node/58.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="node/58">The Tip Jar</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>
<nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-account-menu-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-account-menu">
            <h2 class="sr-only" id="block-monerobasebs-account-menu-menu">User account menu</h2>

      
      <ul class="menu menu--account nav navbar-nav navbar-right">
                      <li class="first last">
                                        <a href="../user/login.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="user/login">Log in</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>

  </div>

        </div>
                </header>
  
  <div role="main" class="main-container container js-quickedit-main-content">
    <div class="row">

                              <div class="col-sm-12" role="heading">
              <div class="region region-header">
          <a class="logo navbar-btn pull-left" href="../index.html" title="Home" rel="home">
      <img src="../sites/default/files/monerobase-pinkie.png" alt="Home" />
    </a>
        

  </div>

          </div>
              
            
                  <section class="col-sm-9">

                                      <div class="highlighted">  <div class="region region-highlighted">
        <h1 class="page-header"><span property="schema:name">Monero DevMeeting 2018-08-26</span>
</h1>


  </div>
</div>
                  
                                      
                  
                          <a id="main-content"></a>
            <div class="region region-content">
      <article data-history-node-id="55" role="article" about="/article/monero_devmeeting_2018-08-26" typeof="schema:Article" class="article is-promoted full clearfix">

  
      <span property="schema:name" content="Monero DevMeeting 2018-08-26" class="hidden"></span>


      <footer>
      <article typeof="schema:Person" about="/user/1">
  </article>

      <div class="author">
        Submitted by <span rel="schema:author"><span lang="" about="/user/1" typeof="schema:Person" property="schema:name" datatype="">aerbax</span></span>
 on <span property="schema:dateCreated" content="2018-08-26T17:42:01+00:00">Sun, 08/26/2018 - 13:42</span>
          <span property="schema:dateCreated" content="2018-08-26T17:42:01+00:00" class="hidden"></span>

      </div>
    </footer>
  
  <div class="content">
    
            <div property="schema:text" class="field field--name-body field--type-text-with-summary field--label-hidden field--item"><h4><u>Highlights</u></h4>

<ul><li>The <em><strong>tentative </strong></em>date for the next fork is scheduled for October 18th, 2018.</li>
	<li>SChernykh Has posted the last of the CryptoNight-v2 changes.
	<ul><li>Will be merged soon</li>
		<li>This will be the new Proof of Work</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>The last of the bulletproofs code will be merged soon.
	<ul><li>May or may not include some additional speedup code.</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>Endogenic could use some help reviewing the LightWallet pull request</li>
	<li>ph4r05 has submitted some preliminary code to support Trezor devices</li>
	<li>Once the new BulletProofs and CryptoNight-v2 code has been merged, testnet will reorg and testers will be required.
	<ul><li>This is expected to happen next week.  As early as Tuesday.</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li>There may still be an updated v0.12.4.0 GUI release prior to the fork.</li>
	<li>Work is ongoing to create reproducible builds for Monero.  Additional help is requested.</li>
	<li>Next meeting is September 9th, 2018</li>
</ul><h4><u>Full Log</u></h4>

<p>1:00 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Hello, meeting time. https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/269<br />
1:00 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; 1. Greetings<br />
1:00 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Anybody around?<br />
1:00 PM &lt;pigeons&gt; H<br />
1:00 PM &lt;pigeons&gt; i<br />
1:00 PM &lt;jtgrassie&gt; Hi<br />
1:00 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Hoi zäme<br />
1:00 PM &lt;endogenic&gt; sort of<br />
1:01 PM &lt;i2p-relay&gt; {-oneiric_} hola<br />
1:01 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; hi<br />
1:02 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; 2. Brief review of what's been completed since the previous meeting<br />
1:02 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Last meeting fell around the same time as Defcon, so I didn't run one. Don't know if another was had in my absence. But if not, then the timeline is the past month.<br />
1:02 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; There was none.<br />
1:02 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Just anything fun that they've worked on that people want to talk about?<br />
1:03 PM &lt;jtgrassie&gt; I've been working on a c pool implmentation that hopefully one day we can move to the Monero project repo<br />
1:04 PM &lt;jtgrassie&gt; Need help testing<br />
1:04 PM ⇐ vikrant quit (uid315169@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yzcitzizvcvtotuf) Quit: Connection closed for inactivity<br />
1:04 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; SChernykh posted his last CN2 mods. It's going to be merged soon for testing. Last BP code is also going to be merged soon. There were also some more speedups, but those might not be merged before the fork.<br />
1:05 PM &lt;endogenic&gt; we could use some help reviewing the light wallet PR<br />
1:05 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; So those CN2 mods will become the new PoW<br />
1:05 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Preliminary Trezor code from ph4r05.<br />
1:05 PM &lt;endogenic&gt; PRs<br />
1:05 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; ?<br />
1:05 PM &lt;jtgrassie&gt; Any updates on vtnerd's MMS work?<br />
1:05 PM &lt;endogenic&gt; no<br />
1:05 PM &lt;endogenic&gt; it's now on hold<br />
1:05 PM &lt;endogenic&gt; we have to do the server first<br />
1:06 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Gamma fake out selection is now in.<br />
1:06 PM &lt;jtgrassie&gt; endogenic: thx for heads up<br />
1:06 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; moneromooo: that's an update to the selection algo?<br />
1:06 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Some older PRs need reviewing to if they're to be merged.<br />
1:06 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Yes.<br />
1:07 PM &lt;endogenic&gt; jtgrassie: my design plan for messaging we more general and differently scalable than what people are thinking anyway<br />
1:07 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Cool! Can I pass that along to the PoW newsletter guys?<br />
1:07 PM &lt;endogenic&gt; s/we/is/<br />
1:07 PM &lt;jtgrassie&gt; great<br />
1:07 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Yes, there will likely be one more minor change but it's going to be basically what SChernykh posted now.<br />
1:08 PM &lt;i2p-relay&gt; {-oneiric_} moneromooo: which PRs need review?<br />
1:08 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Great, thanks.<br />
1:08 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Well, regarding messaging and MMS, that's me I would say, not vtnerd :) Although vtnerd gave me a lot of good advice about the general architecture<br />
1:08 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Still working on it<br />
1:08 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; The ones which aren't reviewed, not marked DO NOT MERGE, and which are at least a few days old.<br />
1:09 PM &lt;i2p-relay&gt; {-oneiric_} Ok, thanks, will take a look<br />
1:09 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; 4147 4160 4208 at least.<br />
1:09 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Well, oneiric you can talk about those further if there are any questions on them<br />
1:09 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; because up next we have: 3. Code + ticket discussion / Q &amp; A<br />
1:10 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; beautiful how that works out, eh?<br />
1:11 PM &lt;i2p-relay&gt; {-oneiric_} :) definitely<br />
1:12 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Once those two (CNv2 and BPs) are merged, testnet will reorg. Would be nice if people could run this and test a bit.<br />
1:12 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; How far back this time?<br />
1:12 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; That should be... maybe tuesday.<br />
1:12 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; 1.05e6 or so<br />
1:12 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Should do this automatically now, right?<br />
1:12 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; I mean drop all the blocks<br />
1:13 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; It won't. You can drop thoe blocks with monero-blockchain-import, or export/import till the right height or a bit before.<br />
1:14 PM → cardboardoranges joined (~cardboard@a82-161-210-186.adsl.xs4all.nl)<br />
1:14 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; So I mis-remember. I thought that was an improvement once, that it can automatically drop copious amounts of "wrong" blocks<br />
1:15 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; It can, but not those.<br />
1:15 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Not "wrong" enough then :)<br />
1:15 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; No problem of course<br />
1:17 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Alright, anything else?<br />
1:17 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Ok, it's not on the agenda, because I'm pretty sure I know the answer, but what's the word on the street of code freezes, tags, builds, etc.<br />
1:18 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; ?<br />
1:18 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; When it's ready :)<br />
1:18 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Can I quote you on that?<br />
1:18 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Pony said he should be able to merge/reorg on tuesday. The fork will likely be 18 october.<br />
1:19 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Word on monero-gui is that there is still a 0.12.4.0 on the way<br />
1:19 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Despite the next hardfor approaching fast<br />
1:19 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Is that the same with CLI?<br />
1:19 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; oh, wait, I understand<br />
1:19 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; are there truth to these as of yet unsubstantiated rumors?<br />
1:19 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; *is<br />
1:19 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Which ones?<br />
1:20 PM &lt;i2p-relay&gt; {-oneiric_} does 4147 still need review? it looks like stoffu already reviewed<br />
1:21 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; I was imprecise. I meant a review alongside an OK.<br />
1:21 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; the ones of 0.12.4.0<br />
1:21 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Assuming you did not find a bug of course.<br />
1:22 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Well, Fluffypony said that on the gui channel, although without a date<br />
1:22 PM &lt;i2p-relay&gt; {-oneiric_} Alright, I'll start making my way through them then. Thanks moneromooo<br />
1:22 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Thanks.<br />
1:22 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; ok :P well that's that then<br />
1:22 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; 4. Any additional meeting items<br />
1:22 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; 4147 is in fact large and can wait. Small ones are better for you to look at.<br />
1:23 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; We need either another pony or reproducible builds...<br />
1:24 PM &lt;i2p-relay&gt; {-oneiric_} :) cloning ftw<br />
1:24 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; moneromooo: is this something we should seriously bring to the core team?<br />
1:24 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; I would be more than happy to do so.<br />
1:25 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; TheCharlatan is supposed to be bring it, and did start already.<br />
1:25 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Well, I can't make them make reproducible builds a thing, obviously<br />
1:25 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; but I can talk with them about stepping up their build game<br />
1:25 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Although that Charlatan is not often around, or are they?<br />
1:26 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; To hear about progress and/or problems on the way<br />
1:26 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; If you think you can be succesful, sure.<br />
1:26 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Is there a particular skillset needed to get reproducible builds working?<br />
1:26 PM &lt;pigeons&gt; TheCharlatan is pretty responsive<br />
1:26 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Does anyone have said skillset? And can we FFS it?<br />
1:27 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; TheCharlatan's skill set :)<br />
1:27 PM &lt;jtgrassie&gt; As I recall TheCharlatan got quite a bit done on this already.<br />
1:27 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; its not easy rehrar, theres all kinds of shit in the code that are likely problematic<br />
1:27 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; even __FILE__ should wreck reproducible AFAIK<br />
1:28 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Could, you mean, not should?<br />
1:28 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; It should not, in theory.<br />
1:28 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; it expands to the whole file path<br />
1:28 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Let's pay TheCharlatan all the money<br />
1:29 PM &lt;pigeons&gt; Last I heard he was running into some issues with the smartcard lib for the hardware wallets, which there is also a PR to replace<br />
1:29 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Maybe somebody invite them to the next meeting? Would probably be an interesting meet<br />
1:30 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; I would love to hear a little more about it<br />
1:30 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; do they usually hang out here?<br />
1:30 PM &lt;pigeons&gt; yes<br />
1:30 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; ah, just put __FILE__ in a fixed location for the build `/tmp/monero_build/...` would do it<br />
1:30 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; damn so many small things<br />
1:31 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Most of them are already taken care of by exiting tools.<br />
1:31 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; You mean some sort of post-processing?<br />
1:34 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; I'll give this a couple more minutes for more discussion. If there is none, we can move on. :)<br />
1:34 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; If you're asking about the reproducible builds, it's typically down to setting up a known environment.<br />
1:34 PM &lt;jtgrassie&gt; BTW 3430 is the PR TheCharlatan was/is working on<br />
1:35 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; And that includes paths, libs, compiler, user uid/gid, clock...<br />
1:35 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Timezone, linker, archiver, other processing tools, arch.<br />
1:36 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; If you're unlucky, PRNG :)<br />
1:36 PM → Tom_Cruise joined (~Tom@cpe-24-24-133-238.socal.res.rr.com)<br />
1:37 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Fascinating stuff.<br />
1:37 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Alright. 5. Confirm next meeting date/time<br />
1:38 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Sept 9th? 17:00 UTC</p>
</div>
      
  <div class="bstag field field--name-field-tags field--type-entity-reference field--label-above">
    <div class="field--label">Tags</div>
          <div class="field--items">
              <div class="field--item"><a href="../taxonomy/term/1.html" property="schema:about" hreflang="en">DevMeeting</a></div>
              </div>
      </div>

  </div>

</article>


  </div>

              </section>

                              <aside class="col-sm-3" role="complementary">
              <div class="region region-sidebar-second">
    
<div class="search-block-form block block-search block-search-form-block" data-drupal-selector="search-block-form" id="block-monerobasebs-search" role="search">
  
      <h2 class="visually-hidden">Search</h2>
    
      <form action="https://monerobase.com/search/node" method="get" id="search-block-form" accept-charset="UTF-8">
  <div class="form-item js-form-item form-type-search js-form-type-search form-item-keys js-form-item-keys form-no-label form-group">
      <label for="edit-keys" class="control-label sr-only">Search</label>
  
  
  <div class="input-group"><input title="Enter the terms you wish to search for." data-drupal-selector="edit-keys" class="form-search form-control" placeholder="Search" type="search" id="edit-keys" name="keys" value="" size="15" maxlength="128" data-toggle="tooltip" /><span class="input-group-btn"><button type="submit" value="Search" class="button js-form-submit form-submit btn-primary btn icon-only" name=""><span class="sr-only">Search</span><span class="icon glyphicon glyphicon-search" aria-hidden="true"></span></button></span></div>

  
  
  </div>
<div class="form-actions form-group js-form-wrapper form-wrapper" data-drupal-selector="edit-actions" id="edit-actions--2"></div>

</form>

  </div>

  </div>

          </aside>
                  </div>
  </div>

      <footer class="footer container" role="contentinfo">
        <div class="region region-footer">
    <nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-footer-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-footer">
            
  <h2 class="visually-hidden" id="block-monerobasebs-footer-menu">Footer menu</h2>
  

        
      <ul class="menu menu--footer nav">
                      <li class="first last">
                                        <a href="../contact.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="contact">Contact</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>

  </div>

    </footer>
  
  </div>

    
    <script type="application/json" data-drupal-selector="drupal-settings-json">{"path":{"baseUrl":"\/","scriptPath":null,"pathPrefix":"","currentPath":"node\/55","currentPathIsAdmin":false,"isFront":false,"currentLanguage":"en"},"pluralDelimiter":"\u0003","google_analytics":{"trackOutbound":true,"trackMailto":true,"trackDownload":true,"trackDownloadExtensions":"7z|aac|arc|arj|asf|asx|avi|bin|csv|doc(x|m)?|dot(x|m)?|exe|flv|gif|gz|gzip|hqx|jar|jpe?g|js|mp(2|3|4|e?g)|mov(ie)?|msi|msp|pdf|phps|png|ppt(x|m)?|pot(x|m)?|pps(x|m)?|ppam|sld(x|m)?|thmx|qtm?|ra(m|r)?|sea|sit|tar|tgz|torrent|txt|wav|wma|wmv|wpd|xls(x|m|b)?|xlt(x|m)|xlam|xml|z|zip"},"bootstrap":{"forms_has_error_value_toggle":1,"modal_animation":1,"modal_backdrop":"true","modal_focus_input":1,"modal_keyboard":1,"modal_select_text":1,"modal_show":1,"modal_size":"","popover_enabled":1,"popover_animation":1,"popover_auto_close":1,"popover_container":"body","popover_content":"","popover_delay":"0","popover_html":0,"popover_placement":"right","popover_selector":"","popover_title":"","popover_trigger":"click","popover_trigger_autoclose":1,"tooltip_enabled":1,"tooltip_animation":1,"tooltip_container":"body","tooltip_delay":"0","tooltip_html":0,"tooltip_placement":"auto left","tooltip_selector":"","tooltip_trigger":"hover"},"ajaxTrustedUrl":{"\/search\/node":true},"statistics":{"data":{"nid":"55"},"url":"\/core\/modules\/statistics\/statistics.php"},"user":{"uid":0,"permissionsHash":"6e8b9e2018e56017e45be6781217b2cd0b2bbc3b78d0c3e3ba56d47f547db4ee"}}</script>
<script src="../sites/default/files/js/js_E4Tr-H7Le9ipAqZS8D6MaK3E1BwfV_2_T7-uEptohlE.js"></script>
<script src="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/js/all.js"></script>
<script src="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/js/v4-shims.js"></script>
<script src="../sites/default/files/js/js_f2fH9USt37hLTTE1fyT7CjmcVvMC7SAlrilqRnW_-PY.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/bootstrap/3.3.7/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
<script src="../sites/default/files/js/js_i5SBX_d9v80iNxz7wZqRTlzbBTI23wO1LUsxHUToGTY.js"></script>

  </body>
</html>
