<!DOCTYPE html>
<html  lang="en" dir="ltr" prefix="content: http://purl.org/rss/1.0/modules/content/  dc: http://purl.org/dc/terms/  foaf: http://xmlns.com/foaf/0.1/  og: http://ogp.me/ns#  rdfs: http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#  schema: http://schema.org/  sioc: http://rdfs.org/sioc/ns#  sioct: http://rdfs.org/sioc/types#  skos: http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#  xsd: http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema# ">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
<script>(function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i["GoogleAnalyticsObject"]=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){(i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)})(window,document,"script","https://www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js","ga");ga("create", "UA-50954220-2", {"cookieDomain":"auto"});ga("set", "anonymizeIp", true);ga("send", "pageview");</script>
<meta name="title" content="DevMeeting 2018-02-25 | Monerobase" />
<link rel="canonical" href="devmeeting_2018-02-25.html" />
<meta name="description" content="Highlights" />
<meta name="Generator" content="Drupal 8 (https://www.drupal.org)" />
<meta name="MobileOptimized" content="width" />
<meta name="HandheldFriendly" content="true" />
<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="../../sites/default/files/favicon_1.ico" type="image/vnd.microsoft.icon" />
<link rel="revision" href="devmeeting_2018-02-25.html" />

    <title>DevMeeting 2018-02-25 | Monerobase</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../sites/default/files/css/css__wBfhyL83sORKzo__AgHv4HOGuOoSbIzIaa4clq9PXs.css%3Fpjuemb.css" media="all" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/bootswatch/3.3.7/united/bootstrap.min.css" media="all" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="../../sites/default/files/css/css_R2R9FNh48VwRxsf30Dy2We_s9-CIFNVJLM4bsKoNCis.css%3Fpjuemb.css" media="all" />

    
<!--[if lte IE 8]>
<script src="/sites/default/files/js/js_VtafjXmRvoUgAzqzYTA3Wrjkx9wcWhjP0G4ZnnqRamA.js"></script>
<![endif]-->

  </head>
  <body class="path-node page-node-type-article has-glyphicons">
    <a href="devmeeting_2018-02-25.html#main-content" class="visually-hidden focusable skip-link">
      Skip to main content
    </a>
    
      <div class="dialog-off-canvas-main-canvas" data-off-canvas-main-canvas>
              <header class="navbar navbar-default container" id="navbar" role="banner">
            <div class="navbar-header">
        
                          <button type="button" class="navbar-toggle" data-toggle="collapse" data-target="#navbar-collapse">
            <span class="sr-only">Toggle navigation</span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
            <span class="icon-bar"></span>
          </button>
              </div>

                    <div id="navbar-collapse" class="navbar-collapse collapse">
            <div class="region region-navigation-collapsible">
    <nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-main-menu-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-main-menu">
            <h2 class="sr-only" id="block-monerobasebs-main-menu-menu">Main navigation</h2>

      
      <ul class="menu menu--main nav navbar-nav">
                      <li class="first">
                                        <a href="../../index.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="&lt;front&gt;">Home</a>
              </li>
                      <li class="last">
                                        <a href="../../node/58.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="node/58">The Tip Jar</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>
<nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-account-menu-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-account-menu">
            <h2 class="sr-only" id="block-monerobasebs-account-menu-menu">User account menu</h2>

      
      <ul class="menu menu--account nav navbar-nav navbar-right">
                      <li class="first last">
                                        <a href="../../user/login.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="user/login">Log in</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>

  </div>

        </div>
                </header>
  
  <div role="main" class="main-container container js-quickedit-main-content">
    <div class="row">

                              <div class="col-sm-12" role="heading">
              <div class="region region-header">
          <a class="logo navbar-btn pull-left" href="../../index.html" title="Home" rel="home">
      <img src="../../sites/default/files/monerobase-pinkie.png" alt="Home" />
    </a>
        

  </div>

          </div>
              
            
                  <section class="col-sm-9">

                                      <div class="highlighted">  <div class="region region-highlighted">
        <h1 class="page-header"><span property="schema:name">DevMeeting 2018-02-25</span>
</h1>


  </div>
</div>
                  
                                      
                  
                          <a id="main-content"></a>
            <div class="region region-content">
      <article data-history-node-id="40" role="article" about="/index.php/article/devmeeting_2018-02-25" typeof="schema:Article" class="article is-promoted full clearfix">

  
      <span property="schema:name" content="DevMeeting 2018-02-25" class="hidden"></span>


      <footer>
      <article typeof="schema:Person" about="/user/1">
  </article>

      <div class="author">
        Submitted by <span rel="schema:author"><span lang="" about="/index.php/user/1" typeof="schema:Person" property="schema:name" datatype="">aerbax</span></span>
 on <span property="schema:dateCreated" content="2018-02-25T21:38:11+00:00">Sun, 02/25/2018 - 16:38</span>
          <span property="schema:dateCreated" content="2018-02-25T21:38:11+00:00" class="hidden"></span>

      </div>
    </footer>
  
  <div class="content">
    
            <div property="schema:text" class="field field--name-body field--type-text-with-summary field--label-hidden field--item"><h1 style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); background: none rgb(255, 255, 255); font-weight: normal; margin: 1em 0px 0.6em; overflow: hidden; padding-top: 0.5em; padding-bottom: 0.17em; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(170, 170, 170); font-size: 1.8em; font-family: sans-serif; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;">Highlights<span class="mw-editsection" style="user-select: none; font-size: small; font-weight: normal; margin-left: 1em; vertical-align: baseline; line-height: 1em; display: inline-block; font-family: sans-serif;"><span class="mw-editsection-bracket">[</span><a class="tw-editsection-onhover" href="https://monerobase.com/w/index.php?title=DevMeeting_2018-02-25&amp;action=edit&amp;section=1" style="text-decoration: none; color: rgb(11, 0, 128); background: none;" title="Edit section: Highlights"><span>Â </span></a><span class="mw-editsection-bracket">]</span></span></h1>

<ul style="list-style-type: disc; margin: 0.3em 0px 0px 1.6em; padding: 0px; list-style-image: url(https://monerobase.com/index.php/article/&quot;data:image/svg+xml,%3C%3Fxml%20version%3D%221.0%22%20encoding%3D%22UTF-8%22%20standalone%3D%22no%22%3F%3E%0A%3C%21--%20Created%20with%20Inkscape%20%28http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inkscape.org%2F%29%20--%3E%0A%0A%3Csvg%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Adc%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fpurl.org%2Fdc%2Felements%2F1.1%2F%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Acc%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fcreativecommons.org%2Fns%23%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Ardf%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F1999%2F02%2F22-rdf-syntax-ns%23%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Asvg%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Asodipodi%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fsodipodi.sourceforge.net%2FDTD%2Fsodipodi-0.dtd%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Ainkscape%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inkscape.org%2Fnamespaces%2Finkscape%22%0A%20%20%20width%3D%225%22%0A%20%20%20height%3D%2213%22%0A%20%20%20id%3D%22svg4859%22%0A%20%20%20version%3D%221.1%22%0A%20%20%20inkscape%3Aversion%3D%220.48.5%20r10040%22%0A%20%20%20sodipodi%3Adocname%3D%22New%20document%208%22%3E%0A%20%20%3Cdefs%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22defs4861%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3Csodipodi%3Anamedview%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22base%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20pagecolor%3D%22%23ffffff%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20bordercolor%3D%22%23666666%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20borderopacity%3D%221.0%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Apageopacity%3D%220.0%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Apageshadow%3D%222%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Azoom%3D%2218.15%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acx%3D%2225.247934%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acy%3D%22-1.7052342%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Adocument-units%3D%22px%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acurrent-layer%3D%22layer1%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20showgrid%3D%22false%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-width%3D%221366%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-height%3D%22705%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-x%3D%22-8%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-y%3D%22-8%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-maximized%3D%221%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3Cmetadata%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22metadata4864%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3Crdf%3ARDF%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Ccc%3AWork%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20rdf%3Aabout%3D%22%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Aformat%3Eimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3C%2Fdc%3Aformat%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Atype%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20rdf%3Aresource%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fpurl.org%2Fdc%2Fdcmitype%2FStillImage%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Atitle%3E%3C%2Fdc%3Atitle%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%3C%2Fcc%3AWork%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3C%2Frdf%3ARDF%3E%0A%20%20%3C%2Fmetadata%3E%0A%20%20%3Cg%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Alabel%3D%22Layer%201%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Agroupmode%3D%22layer%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22layer1%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3Crect%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20style%3D%22fill%3A%23784000%3Bfill-opacity%3A1%3Bfill-rule%3Aevenodd%3Bstroke%3Anone%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22rect4875%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20width%3D%225.012712%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20height%3D%225.012712%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20x%3D%220.055%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20y%3D%226.9952879%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3C%2Fg%3E%0A%3C%2Fsvg%3E%0A&quot;); color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: sans-serif; font-size: 14px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;"><li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;">Ledger wallet code is getting much closer to being merged.
	<ul style="list-style-type: disc; margin: 0.3em 0px 0px 1.6em; padding: 0px; list-style-image: url(https://monerobase.com/index.php/article/&quot;data:image/svg+xml,%3C%3Fxml%20version%3D%221.0%22%20encoding%3D%22UTF-8%22%20standalone%3D%22no%22%3F%3E%0A%3C%21--%20Created%20with%20Inkscape%20%28http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inkscape.org%2F%29%20--%3E%0A%0A%3Csvg%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Adc%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fpurl.org%2Fdc%2Felements%2F1.1%2F%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Acc%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fcreativecommons.org%2Fns%23%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Ardf%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F1999%2F02%2F22-rdf-syntax-ns%23%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Asvg%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Asodipodi%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fsodipodi.sourceforge.net%2FDTD%2Fsodipodi-0.dtd%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Ainkscape%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inkscape.org%2Fnamespaces%2Finkscape%22%0A%20%20%20width%3D%225%22%0A%20%20%20height%3D%2213%22%0A%20%20%20id%3D%22svg4859%22%0A%20%20%20version%3D%221.1%22%0A%20%20%20inkscape%3Aversion%3D%220.48.5%20r10040%22%0A%20%20%20sodipodi%3Adocname%3D%22New%20document%208%22%3E%0A%20%20%3Cdefs%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22defs4861%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3Csodipodi%3Anamedview%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22base%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20pagecolor%3D%22%23ffffff%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20bordercolor%3D%22%23666666%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20borderopacity%3D%221.0%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Apageopacity%3D%220.0%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Apageshadow%3D%222%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Azoom%3D%2218.15%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acx%3D%2225.247934%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acy%3D%22-1.7052342%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Adocument-units%3D%22px%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acurrent-layer%3D%22layer1%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20showgrid%3D%22false%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-width%3D%221366%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-height%3D%22705%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-x%3D%22-8%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-y%3D%22-8%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-maximized%3D%221%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3Cmetadata%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22metadata4864%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3Crdf%3ARDF%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Ccc%3AWork%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20rdf%3Aabout%3D%22%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Aformat%3Eimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3C%2Fdc%3Aformat%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Atype%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20rdf%3Aresource%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fpurl.org%2Fdc%2Fdcmitype%2FStillImage%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Atitle%3E%3C%2Fdc%3Atitle%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%3C%2Fcc%3AWork%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3C%2Frdf%3ARDF%3E%0A%20%20%3C%2Fmetadata%3E%0A%20%20%3Cg%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Alabel%3D%22Layer%201%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Agroupmode%3D%22layer%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22layer1%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3Crect%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20style%3D%22fill%3A%23784000%3Bfill-opacity%3A1%3Bfill-rule%3Aevenodd%3Bstroke%3Anone%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22rect4875%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20width%3D%225.012712%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20height%3D%225.012712%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20x%3D%220.055%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20y%3D%226.9952879%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3C%2Fg%3E%0A%3C%2Fsvg%3E%0A&quot;);"><li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;">Will need to work closely with the Ledger team to finalize.</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;">March Fork (protocol upgrade)
	<ul style="list-style-type: disc; margin: 0.3em 0px 0px 1.6em; padding: 0px; list-style-image: url(https://monerobase.com/index.php/article/&quot;data:image/svg+xml,%3C%3Fxml%20version%3D%221.0%22%20encoding%3D%22UTF-8%22%20standalone%3D%22no%22%3F%3E%0A%3C%21--%20Created%20with%20Inkscape%20%28http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inkscape.org%2F%29%20--%3E%0A%0A%3Csvg%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Adc%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fpurl.org%2Fdc%2Felements%2F1.1%2F%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Acc%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fcreativecommons.org%2Fns%23%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Ardf%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F1999%2F02%2F22-rdf-syntax-ns%23%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Asvg%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Asodipodi%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fsodipodi.sourceforge.net%2FDTD%2Fsodipodi-0.dtd%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Ainkscape%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inkscape.org%2Fnamespaces%2Finkscape%22%0A%20%20%20width%3D%225%22%0A%20%20%20height%3D%2213%22%0A%20%20%20id%3D%22svg4859%22%0A%20%20%20version%3D%221.1%22%0A%20%20%20inkscape%3Aversion%3D%220.48.5%20r10040%22%0A%20%20%20sodipodi%3Adocname%3D%22New%20document%208%22%3E%0A%20%20%3Cdefs%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22defs4861%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3Csodipodi%3Anamedview%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22base%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20pagecolor%3D%22%23ffffff%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20bordercolor%3D%22%23666666%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20borderopacity%3D%221.0%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Apageopacity%3D%220.0%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Apageshadow%3D%222%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Azoom%3D%2218.15%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acx%3D%2225.247934%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acy%3D%22-1.7052342%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Adocument-units%3D%22px%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acurrent-layer%3D%22layer1%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20showgrid%3D%22false%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-width%3D%221366%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-height%3D%22705%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-x%3D%22-8%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-y%3D%22-8%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-maximized%3D%221%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3Cmetadata%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22metadata4864%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3Crdf%3ARDF%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Ccc%3AWork%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20rdf%3Aabout%3D%22%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Aformat%3Eimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3C%2Fdc%3Aformat%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Atype%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20rdf%3Aresource%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fpurl.org%2Fdc%2Fdcmitype%2FStillImage%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Atitle%3E%3C%2Fdc%3Atitle%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%3C%2Fcc%3AWork%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3C%2Frdf%3ARDF%3E%0A%20%20%3C%2Fmetadata%3E%0A%20%20%3Cg%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Alabel%3D%22Layer%201%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Agroupmode%3D%22layer%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22layer1%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3Crect%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20style%3D%22fill%3A%23784000%3Bfill-opacity%3A1%3Bfill-rule%3Aevenodd%3Bstroke%3Anone%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22rect4875%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20width%3D%225.012712%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20height%3D%225.012712%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20x%3D%220.055%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20y%3D%226.9952879%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3C%2Fg%3E%0A%3C%2Fsvg%3E%0A&quot;);"><li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;">Waiting for vtnerd's PoW changes. CUDA and CPU are pushed. OpenCL is still in testing.</li>
		<li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;">There will be weekly dev meetings prior to the fork, and one after it. Sundays at 17:00 UTC.</li>
	</ul></li>
	<li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;">Discussion on changing the default ringsize
	<ul style="list-style-type: disc; margin: 0.3em 0px 0px 1.6em; padding: 0px; list-style-image: url(https://monerobase.com/index.php/article/&quot;data:image/svg+xml,%3C%3Fxml%20version%3D%221.0%22%20encoding%3D%22UTF-8%22%20standalone%3D%22no%22%3F%3E%0A%3C%21--%20Created%20with%20Inkscape%20%28http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inkscape.org%2F%29%20--%3E%0A%0A%3Csvg%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Adc%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fpurl.org%2Fdc%2Felements%2F1.1%2F%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Acc%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fcreativecommons.org%2Fns%23%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Ardf%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F1999%2F02%2F22-rdf-syntax-ns%23%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Asvg%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.w3.org%2F2000%2Fsvg%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Asodipodi%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fsodipodi.sourceforge.net%2FDTD%2Fsodipodi-0.dtd%22%0A%20%20%20xmlns%3Ainkscape%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fwww.inkscape.org%2Fnamespaces%2Finkscape%22%0A%20%20%20width%3D%225%22%0A%20%20%20height%3D%2213%22%0A%20%20%20id%3D%22svg4859%22%0A%20%20%20version%3D%221.1%22%0A%20%20%20inkscape%3Aversion%3D%220.48.5%20r10040%22%0A%20%20%20sodipodi%3Adocname%3D%22New%20document%208%22%3E%0A%20%20%3Cdefs%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22defs4861%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3Csodipodi%3Anamedview%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22base%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20pagecolor%3D%22%23ffffff%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20bordercolor%3D%22%23666666%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20borderopacity%3D%221.0%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Apageopacity%3D%220.0%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Apageshadow%3D%222%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Azoom%3D%2218.15%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acx%3D%2225.247934%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acy%3D%22-1.7052342%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Adocument-units%3D%22px%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Acurrent-layer%3D%22layer1%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20showgrid%3D%22false%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-width%3D%221366%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-height%3D%22705%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-x%3D%22-8%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-y%3D%22-8%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Awindow-maximized%3D%221%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3Cmetadata%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22metadata4864%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3Crdf%3ARDF%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Ccc%3AWork%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20rdf%3Aabout%3D%22%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Aformat%3Eimage%2Fsvg%2Bxml%3C%2Fdc%3Aformat%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Atype%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20rdf%3Aresource%3D%22http%3A%2F%2Fpurl.org%2Fdc%2Fdcmitype%2FStillImage%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%3Cdc%3Atitle%3E%3C%2Fdc%3Atitle%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%3C%2Fcc%3AWork%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3C%2Frdf%3ARDF%3E%0A%20%20%3C%2Fmetadata%3E%0A%20%20%3Cg%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Alabel%3D%22Layer%201%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20inkscape%3Agroupmode%3D%22layer%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22layer1%22%3E%0A%20%20%20%20%3Crect%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20style%3D%22fill%3A%23784000%3Bfill-opacity%3A1%3Bfill-rule%3Aevenodd%3Bstroke%3Anone%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20id%3D%22rect4875%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20width%3D%225.012712%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20height%3D%225.012712%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20x%3D%220.055%22%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20y%3D%226.9952879%22%20%2F%3E%0A%20%20%3C%2Fg%3E%0A%3C%2Fsvg%3E%0A&quot;);"><li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;"><a href="https://github.com/monero-project/monero/issues/3035">https://github.com/monero-project/monero/issues/3035</a></li>
		<li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;">Surae (MRL) suggests: "i vote fixed ring size of 7, or, failing that, a min ring size 7, or, failing that, a default ring size 7 with our fixed ring size 5. that's my order of preference."</li>
		<li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;">Sarang (MRL) agrees.</li>
		<li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;">Consensus points to Surae's second option - setting the ringsize to a *minimum* of 7.</li>
		<li style="margin-bottom: 0.1em;">SGP's research:<a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iLa_yklutjHqn_DrOlO_eTb00l4YDAezijX2J5r6P14/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iLa_yklutjHqn_DrOlO_eTb00l4YDAezijX2J5r6P14/edit?usp=sharing</a><span> </span></li>
	</ul></li>
</ul><p style="margin: 0.5em 0px; line-height: inherit; color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: sans-serif; font-size: 14px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;">Â </p>

<p style="margin: 0.5em 0px; line-height: inherit; color: rgb(0, 0, 0); font-family: sans-serif; font-size: 14px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; background-color: rgb(255, 255, 255); text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;">Â </p>

<h1 style="color: rgb(0, 0, 0); background: none rgb(255, 255, 255); font-weight: normal; margin: 1em 0px 0.6em; overflow: hidden; padding-top: 0.5em; padding-bottom: 0.17em; border-bottom: 1px solid rgb(170, 170, 170); font-size: 1.8em; font-family: sans-serif; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; white-space: normal; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;">Full Log<span class="mw-editsection" style="user-select: none; font-size: small; font-weight: normal; margin-left: 1em; vertical-align: baseline; line-height: 1em; display: inline-block; font-family: sans-serif;"><span class="mw-editsection-bracket">[</span><a class="tw-editsection-onhover" href="https://monerobase.com/w/index.php?title=DevMeeting_2018-02-25&amp;action=edit&amp;section=2" style="text-decoration: none; color: rgb(11, 0, 128); background: none;" title="Edit section: Full Log"><span>Â </span></a><span class="mw-editsection-bracket">]</span></span></h1>

<pre style="font-family: monospace, Courier; color: rgb(0, 0, 0); background-color: rgb(249, 249, 249); border: 1px solid rgb(221, 221, 221); padding: 1em; white-space: pre-wrap; line-height: 1.3em; font-size: 14px; font-style: normal; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal; font-weight: 400; letter-spacing: normal; orphans: 2; text-align: start; text-indent: 0px; text-transform: none; widows: 2; word-spacing: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; text-decoration-style: initial; text-decoration-color: initial;">
12:00 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Alrighty 17:00 UTC. Meeting time.Â :)
12:00 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Here's the agenda: https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/175
12:00 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; I have an easy 10% speedup in Borromean range proof verification if needed. That's a lot of the time spent verifying.
12:00 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; good job!
12:01 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; It was kinda thought not worth the more complex code so I didn't push it.
12:01 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; moneromooo: well that puts the nail in the coffin for RTRS ring signatures.
12:01 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Had a bit of a hiccup with starting time, but we'll be fine. Let's start with 1. Greetings as always. Who all is here?
12:01 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; Here againÂ :)
12:01 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; Iâm not here
12:01 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Me, me, me!
12:01 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; Howdy~
12:01 PM &lt;msvb-mob&gt; Hello.
12:02 PM &lt;erciccione_[m]&gt; hi, i could crash anyime, sorry
12:02 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Even those casual observers watching with interest, feel free to squeak
12:02 PM &lt;DaveyJones_&gt; wow nice mooo
12:02 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; 2. Brief review of what's been completed since the previous meeting
12:02 PM â @ArticMine quit (~ArticMine@184.70.226.34) Quit: Leaving
12:02 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Anyone have anything good to report?
12:03 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; I am here
12:03 PM â WWW-XMRTalk-Org| joined (2e7dfa37@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.46.125.250.55)
12:03 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; that's good to report
12:03 PM â WWW-XMRTalk-Org| quit (2e7dfa37@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.46.125.250.55) Client Quit
12:03 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; lol
12:03 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; lol
12:03 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; was meant for 1
12:03 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; looks like Ledger is close to their PR being done and merged
12:03 PM &lt;iDunk&gt; We may finally have a dev meeting then
12:03 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; we'll have to talk to them to find out what their risk profile is like
12:04 PM â monero joined (~monero@coreteam.getmonero.org)
12:04 PM &lt;monero&gt; [monero] leonklingele opened pull request #3315: wallet2: No longer create '.address.txt' files for non-testnet wallets (master...nuke-address-file) https://git.io/vArT7
12:04 PM â +monero (voiced) left  
12:04 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; and if they want to leave it disabled for now
12:04 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; obviously if it's enabled then, as moneromooo pointed out, everyone will rush to use something that is largely untested
12:04 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; What does put the nail in the coffinÂ ?
12:04 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; I *suspect* that the risk is largely their on-device code
12:05 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; in which case maybe they have some way of only enabling it to users that opt-in to beta firmware or something
12:05 PM â sgp_ quit (~justi@50-202-180-242-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) Read error: Connection reset by peer
12:05 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; moneromooo: in a good or a bad sense?
12:05 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; cslashm said they wanted it extensively tested first after it was merged
12:05 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; and there will be some kind of beta
12:05 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; ^ fluffypony
12:06 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; fluffypony: what are you refering toÂ ?
12:06 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; dEBRUYNE: yes but does that mean we disable it in the code, or leave it enabled, and what is the impact on us?
12:06 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; moneromooo: "nail in the coffin"
12:06 PM â citypw joined (~citypw@183.6.142.122)
12:06 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Ah, I was replying to suraeNoether. Sorry, I was reading backlog and replying late.
12:06 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; ah ok
12:06 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; fluffypony: What's the harm of enabling it?
12:07 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; dEBRUYNE: that's what we need to ascertain
12:07 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; I *think* normal users can only use the code if they include it in a some kind of firmware upgrade
12:07 PM â sgp_ joined (~justi@50-202-180-242-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net)
12:08 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; anything else on 2?Â :)
12:09 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Alright, let's move on to 3. It's something that we can really dig into now with fp present
12:09 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; 3. March hardfork items + code freeze
12:09 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; fluffypony: perhaps a good idea to discuss with Ledger (e.g. btchip) what their full plan is after the PR is merged
12:09 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; dEBRUYNE: will do
12:09 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; ty
12:09 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; code freeze when? hard fork when?
12:09 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; so, as we all know, for various reasons this stuff has had to be pushed down to the wire
12:09 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; but now we're at the wire
12:10 PM &lt;msvb-mob&gt; @fluffypony: If possible, inform me or #monero-hardware if you learn new things.
12:11 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Even an old pony can learn new thingsÂ ?
12:12 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Someone asked above about spent/unspent outs: 26.5e6 outs, 22.7 of them spent.
12:12 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; 22.7e6.
12:12 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; is this using a first-order approach at estimating spent outputs?
12:12 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; It's using a mdb_stat approach.
12:13 PM &lt;iDunk&gt;Â :)
12:13 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; suraeNoether: can you guys move this to -research-lab until after the meeting?
12:13 PM â BoldErea joined (~BoldErea@unaffiliated/bolderea)
12:14 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Has the Core Team or their delegate that handles releases talked about dates for code freeze and hard fork?
12:15 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Not yet, but (1) we usually fork on the 15th, and (2) we need a few important things first (such as vtnerd's extra PoW changes).
12:15 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; yeah, sorry
12:15 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; rehrar: the community decides, not us
12:15 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; we're already getting fork warnings, but we can address those with a sticky on the sub-reddit or whatever
12:16 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; I think the best date to fork would be a day before the scam-coin forks monero
12:16 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; do we know how long vtnerd needs? February only has 28 days after allÂ :P
12:16 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; rehrar: when's that?
12:16 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; sorry I meant knifeofpi
12:16 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; not rehrar
12:16 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; 17 days from
12:16 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; now
12:16 PM &lt;unknownids&gt; lol
12:16 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; according to monerov.org
12:16 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; lol
12:16 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; knifeofpi: Seriously? This has advantages?
12:17 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; countdown here: https://monerov.org/
12:17 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Do they have any sourceÂ ? I looked and found nothing.
12:17 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; careful, website probably gives malware
12:17 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; no source moneromooo
12:17 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; we could just match their fork height for fun
12:17 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; if we do it before theirs, itâll make it a bit more difficult for them
12:17 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; someone was bragging on Reddit that they "already have a block explorer up"
12:17 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; As funny as it'd be, I think that would cause mass confusion
12:17 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; rehrar: agreed
12:18 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; so maybe there is source somewhere
12:18 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; but we digress
12:18 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; so how about we do this
12:18 PM â sgp_ quit (~justi@50-202-180-242-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) Read error: Connection reset by peer
12:18 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; - wait for the important stuff like the final work on the PoW change
12:19 PM &lt;unknownids&gt; would you be surprised to learn its a copy of xmrchain https://monerovexplorer.com/
12:19 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; - based on when that's done we decide whether to move the fork date out by a week or two
12:19 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; unknownids: no
12:19 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; how does everyone feel about having weekly meetings till the fork, given the urgency?
12:19 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; fluffypony: concur
12:19 PM â sgp_ joined (~justi@50-202-180-242-static.hfc.comcastbusiness.net)
12:19 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; fine with it
12:20 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; ok so every Sunday, normal time, till the Sunday after the fork date
12:20 PM &lt;erciccione_[m]&gt; fluffypony: i agree
12:20 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; I mean, meetings can happen, sure. But we need people to show up.Â :D
12:20 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; where we can do a post-mortem and figure out how to avoid this occurring again in future
12:20 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; rehrar: yeah people shouldn't be like that fluffypony guy who misses 3 meetings in a row, he's the wurst
12:20 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; bratwurst
12:20 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt;Â :D
12:20 PM &lt;unknownids&gt; u fast
12:20 PM &lt;iDunk&gt; Define normal time.
12:20 PM â rasengan joined (~rasengan@pdpc/corporate-sponsor/privateinternetaccess.com/rasengan)
12:20 PM &lt;iDunk&gt; 16:00 of 17:00 UTC?
12:21 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; iDunk, I think for simplicity sake, we should just go back to 17 UTC
12:21 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; iDunk: 17:00 UTC
12:21 PM &lt;msvb-mob&gt; We should get it straight what the best meeting time is while considering a frequency acceleration, but that's the last agenda item I think.
12:21 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; 7pm Pony Standard Time
12:21 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; the fact that what happened this week happened shows that the experiment didn't go well
12:21 PM &lt;iDunk&gt; OK, that clears taht up then.
12:21 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; yep, sorry for the confusion
12:21 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; we are officially off-topic
12:21 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; did you mean how long I need for the PoW alterations I was making?
12:21 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; yes vtnerd
12:21 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; rehar ^
12:22 PM â al-maisan joined (~al-maisan@opentransactions/monetas/al-maisan)
12:22 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; *waits with bated breath for response*
12:22 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; I have the cuda changes pushed out, and the cpu changes
12:22 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; the remaining is opencl
12:22 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; the remaining miners are variations of those sources afaik
12:23 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Including botsÂ :)
12:23 PM â raas quit (4f9a938d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.79.154.147.141) Quit: Page closed
12:23 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; the opencl version I have coded, but am trying to figure out how test - Ive been insisting on getting reference hashes back out
12:23 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; the GPU miners arent really written to do that sort of thing, so its somewhat of a pain. if the miners have a better way to test accuracy of hashes contact me
12:23 PM â raas and rex_4539 joined  
12:24 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; randomly trying one that has some difficulty then comparing against cpu is sort of crap, because it never verifies the computed hash on the device
12:24 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; so it can have a subtle bug without actual verification
12:25 PM &lt;+hyc&gt; hm? if you set a low difficulty you can check each candidate hash against the CPU version
12:25 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; the opencl (wolf) implementation is a little more straighforward than the cuda implementation
12:25 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; so there is that at least
12:26 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; the cuda version never copied the hash back out, only a flag to indicate to check
12:26 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; so I suppose the odds that the cpu kept getting some difficulty are low, but its still a weird way to test IMO
12:27 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; vtnerd: you could push 32 bytes extra as the input, bodge the hasher to hash 32 bytes less. Then compare with the last 32 bytes of te input.
12:27 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; Im probably going to have to do some variation of the technique you described for the opencl versionÂ :/
12:27 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; for the cuda version I made temp changes to copy memory around to verify hashes
12:27 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; (and the CPU hasher places its own hash as the last 32 bytes before sending to the GPU).
12:28 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; you mean copy the results to the input? yeah thats what I ended up doing for cuda - I just copied over the keccak state to get it back out for testing
12:28 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; But really, I'm afraid that's going to take even more time againÂ :/
12:28 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; yeah
12:29 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; and weâre very low on time.
12:30 PM â knifeofpi quit (~Mutter@2601:84:8701:6508:8529:fdce:a27d:3ef5) Quit: Mutter: www.mutterirc.com
12:30 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; And will there be adequate testing time? Should we consider moving back the fork a bit?
12:31 PM â knifeofpi joined (~Mutter@2601:84:8701:6508:8529:fdce:a27d:3ef5)
12:32 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; &lt;@fluffypony&gt; - based on when that's done we decide whether to move the fork date out by a week or two
12:32 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; oh yeah, that was literally just saidÂ :P sorry, I'm an idiot
12:33 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; So the other thing to discuss for the fork then is something we've been discussing in the pre-meeting about upping the ringsize
12:33 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; i think the default ring size can be reasonably upped to 7, and keep minimum at 5
12:34 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; https://github.com/monero-project/meta/issues/175#issuecomment-366760767
12:34 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; also: https://github.com/monero-project/monero/issues/3035 for those who want to keep track of the full conversation
12:34 PM â qwebirc74821 joined (63fc18a6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.99.252.24.166)
12:34 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; what would that look like to up the default ringsize to 7, but not enforce it as the minimum?
12:35 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; Yes. The reasoning was discussed pretty extensively earlier, but I recommend a minimum ringsize of 7. It provides the minimum level of protection against chain splits that I feel comfortable with while containing veriifcation time and size to modest increases
12:35 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; I don't have a problem with 7 - any thoughts, smooth / luigi1111Â ?
12:35 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; rehrar: itâd be a bit like March-Sep of last year, where we had min RS 3 and default RS 5
12:35 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; smooth voiced some concerns on GitHub that that 50% compromised "weighted outputs" model we selected was arbitrary
12:36 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; sgp_ has done a lot of thinking on this so I'll defer to him on this
12:36 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; all of the magic numbers we pick are arbitrary
12:36 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt;Â :-P
12:36 PM &lt;@luigi1111&gt; Ok with 7 as wallet default, not as consensus for this fork
12:36 PM â raas quit (4f9a938d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.79.154.147.141) Quit: Page closed
12:36 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; smooth had some good arguments against however
12:36 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; but perhaps if this is not enforced strictly, then that could help somewhat
12:37 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; If not "consensus" minimum would stay at 3?
12:37 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; rbrunner it is currently 5
12:37 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; i think doing the wallet different than consensus just stamps transaction as "from exchange" vs "from wallet"
12:37 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Ah, ok
12:38 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; thatâs true gingeropolous
12:38 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; maybe a minimum of 7 is warranted
12:38 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; cause services aren't going to increase the cost of tx willingly
12:38 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; I think there is exensive documentation in other discussions saying that we should move towards a single ringsize, not further away from it
12:38 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; right
12:38 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; agreed, but we're in a weird adolescence period between bullet proofs
12:39 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; so current decisions will be radically changed in less than six months
12:39 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; we might need a stopgap fee algorithm adjustment to compensate
12:39 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; we are in the tricky position of finding a 'good' setup for six months to tide us over in the face of potential threat, while also waiting for great technology that will make us a big boy
12:39 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; Luckily changing the ringsize takes little effort. This isn't a single vs multi-output bulletproof situation
12:39 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; I'm not changing fee algorithm nowÂ :D
12:39 PM â dnaleor quit (~dnaleor@host-im1adb.cbn1.zeelandnet.nl) Quit: Leaving
12:39 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; moneromooo: why?
12:40 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; Because I want monero to work after the fork.
12:40 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; knifeofpi: we can just set the default multiplier down
12:40 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; no need to change the fee algo
12:40 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; yeah thatâs what I mean
12:40 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; oh hi sorry, ring size: yes, i vote fixed ring size of 7, or, failing that, a min ring size 7, or, failing that, a default ring size 7 with our fixed ring size 5. tha'ts my order of preference.
12:40 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; wait, no
12:40 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; sarang, do you agree with suraeNoether?
12:41 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; having both MRL stamps on this would be beneficial for discussion
12:41 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; and 2 more ringmembers isn't crazy heavy. id say network min 7, then we try and figure out the more difficult problem of fixed ringsize.
12:41 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; a fixed ringsize of 7 seems really heavy of a change to shoehorn on the final hour though
12:42 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; so I think I would go for suraeNoether's second option for the time being
12:42 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; i'm not sure if sarang is around right now
12:42 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; yeah, second option
12:42 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; If you haven't played with the data yet, you can mess with this Google Sheet. Check out the summary page, and make sure to use Incognito/InPrivate mode to protect privacy: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1iLa_yklutjHqn_DrOlO_eTb00l4YDAezijX2J5r6P14/edit?usp=sharing
12:42 PM &lt;scoobybejesus&gt; People who want ring size effectively higher can churn
12:42 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; I have the same exact recommendation as suraeÂ :)
12:42 PM &lt;WWW-XMRTalk-Org|&gt; Fixed is best to avoid exchange tx stamping. Voting for fixed at 7
12:42 PM &lt;chachasmooth&gt; sgp_ lol how does incognito protect your privacy
12:43 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; ring size 5-&gt;7 means a 40% increase in verification time and blockchain space. but we are shaving essentially all of our range proofs
12:43 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; Just logs you out of Google
12:43 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; I concur with surae
12:43 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; surae I don't think that 40% is correct
12:43 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; linear in verification time and space
12:43 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; 40% strictly only for the ring sig part, right?
12:43 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; rbrunner: yes
12:44 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; 7/5 = 1.4
12:44 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; Ah ok, agree with you now. Just the ring sig part
12:44 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; yeah
12:44 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; moneromooo also said he had a 10% boost in verification time for mlsag
12:44 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Overall it seems to be surprisingly small
12:44 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; All together, for a 2 in/2out, it will increase verification time by 7.2% and size/fees by 2%
12:44 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; ok, so it seems a loose consensus to up a consensus minimum to 7?
12:44 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; For the entire transaction, not just the ring sig part
12:44 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; No, I said I had a 10% speedup for range proofs.
12:44 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; rehrar: concur
12:45 PM meeh_ â mikalv
12:45 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; luigi1111: you didn't like the idea of this consensus change, care to give a brief chime?
12:45 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; moneromooo if you have a 10% improvement, then that's great! I still think this should be pursued regardless
12:45 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; If you use 7 as the wallet default and 5 as consensus default there's going to be discrepancy between ring sizes, which might be detrimental to privacy
12:45 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; wrt to ring sizes it's probably best to be as uniform as possible
12:46 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Yes, that's why minimum goes to 7, right?
12:46 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; dEBRUYNE: then your thoughts on upping the consensus minimum to 7?
12:46 PM &lt;chachasmooth&gt; sgp_ first sheet looks broken to me https://i.imgur.com/mZuWK5o.png
12:46 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; moneromooo: ooooh
12:46 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; rehrar: Kind of ambivalent currently
12:46 PM &lt;dEBRUYNE&gt; I feel like agreeing with smooth's comment on Github
12:47 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; chachasmooth the numbers are just really small since the ringsize is set to 70. Change the number in the grey boxÂ :)
12:47 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; on another note: we can make our MLSAGs a bit faster with the multiexp operations that we've used in bulletproofs
12:47 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; if weâre going to increase the consensus ring size, we have to schedule our HF before the scam HD
12:47 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; *HF
12:47 PM &lt;chachasmooth&gt; sgp_ oh, it's interactive? oops
12:47 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; youch, that'd be a crunch
12:47 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; the influx of users claiming forked coins will be much more harmful than anything after the fork date
12:48 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; is that possible given our current constraints?
12:49 PM &lt;scoobybejesus&gt; We'd need testing binaries asap
12:49 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; we still need vtnerd's stuff too
12:49 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; not to be a spoil sport, but if we can't work this in before the MoneroV fork date, is it still worth doing?
12:49 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Given that BPs will be coming not far from now
12:50 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; I argue yes
12:50 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; IMO itâs extremely urgent
12:50 PM &lt;+hyc&gt; 6 months is kind of a long time
12:50 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Don't like it if that MoneroV nonsense suddenly gets so much weight for our own actions .. running around like rabbits, in a way
12:50 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; ^^
12:50 PM &lt;vtnerd&gt; /
12:50 PM &lt;scoobybejesus&gt; If we fork before exchanges pick up monerov, probably worth it
12:50 PM &lt;pigeons&gt; yeah i think most people know about them from monero users who are concerned about it
12:50 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; true
12:50 PM &lt;WWW-XMRTalk-Org|&gt; Yes, because there may be monerov copycats. Moving ringsize min and default to 7 still helpful
12:50 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; Can still protect against situations where people chaim MoneroV en masse, including additions to exchanges, etc. Also protects against other possible forks
12:51 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; rbrunner: it's not just MoneroV. This is a weakness in our current setup period that can be taken advantage of by anyone
12:51 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; WWW-XMRTalk-Org|: the more copycats there are, the less effective they are
12:51 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Setup period?
12:51 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; setup, period.
12:51 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; rbrunner: as in setup, period
12:52 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; the potential threat of deanonymizing outputs is real, so in that sense, it shouldn't matter who is doing the 'attack' and whether it's malicious or not
12:52 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Yeah but I think the sky is not falling, really no need for risky stunts and hurry an unfishined update out the door ...
12:52 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; the core is, it's possible in a real, non-theoretical scenario, so it should be addressed
12:52 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; and right now, the best defense is increased ringmembers?
12:53 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; I agree with you there rbrunner. I think we should not rush to get this release out, even if that means not before MoneroV
12:53 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; it may not help us a super amount with the MoneroV thing, but it will slightly help after, and will definitely help for any copycats after
12:53 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; rehrar: âbefore XMV gets on exchangesâ may be the more relevant time point
12:53 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Agreed about exchanges
12:54 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; If we get an exchange listing date, we fork before that date
12:54 PM â WWW-XMRTalk-Org| quit (b999b002@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.185.153.176.2) Quit: http://www.kiwiirc.com/ - A hand crafted IRC client
12:54 PM &lt;sarang&gt; Bad cell service. I agree with increase of ring size
12:54 PM &lt;sarang&gt; Consensus preferred, wallet default otherwise
12:54 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; What does forking before/after give usÂ ? I don't get the advantage.
12:55 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; (except if we bump ring size)
12:55 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; That's the only impact moneromooo
12:55 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; If we fork before, it makes things more difficult for them + improves privacy before the influx of scam coin claims
12:55 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; assuming RS increase
12:55 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; I'm inclined to agree with MRL here, along with sgp's research
12:55 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; As am I
12:56 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; I didn't necessarily agree with smooth's comment: We already shifted upward from the clearly-research-suported 3 (due to  potentially-catastrophic chain reaction effects) to 5 purely for "It  seems better and the cost isn't that high" reasons.
12:56 PM â WWW-XMRTalk-Org| joined (b999b002@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.185.153.176.2)
12:56 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; We're not doing it for no reason, SGP has actually given some decent data to ponder about this.
12:56 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; comment here: https://github.com/monero-project/monero/issues/3035#issuecomment-368273632
12:56 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; but anyways, we're running really short on time
New messages since you tabbed out
12:57 PM &lt;WWW-XMRTalk-Org|&gt; Since most of us seem to agree on 7 can we discuss fixed vs min vs default? I voted fixed
12:57 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; My vote: Only default
12:57 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; to summarize, fork date or code freeze date can't be set yet because we're waiting on important stuff, and there is loose consensus about an increase in consensus minimum ringsize to 7
12:57 PM &lt;scoobybejesus&gt; I sympathize with smooth that the increase in verification time is a bitter pill. Despite that, I also support consensus RS of 7
12:57 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; I vote either fixed or min.
12:58 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Maybe if we prod Moneromooo a little he draws some optimazitions out of some hatÂ :)
12:58 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; I would personally like a little bit more formal research done into fixed ringsizes (even though it's fairly obvious on the surface it does nothing but help)
12:58 PM â defterade__ joined (~AndChat54@84.241.208.224)
12:58 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; rehrar: concur
12:58 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; moving from 5 to 7 so late already is a big enough change I think
12:58 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Exactly my thinking
12:59 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; throwing something else in there for funsies would honestly be very uncomfortable
12:59 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; but if we allow both 5 and 7, that basically marks tx as âfrom exchangeâ vs âfrom walletâ
12:59 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; alright, so because we're meeting next week, we don't have to rush to get through everything on the agenda this week
12:59 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; I don't think we have enough time to move to fixed
12:59 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; for this fork
12:59 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; but we can motivate for it for Sept
12:59 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; ^^
12:59 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; fluffypony: what do you say to a min ring size of 7, but not fixed?
12:59 PM &lt;scoobybejesus&gt; ^^
1:00 PM &lt;+hyc&gt; min 5, default 7.
1:00 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; I prefer min 5, def 7
1:00 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; btw, it's worth pointing out
1:00 PM &lt;+moneromooo&gt; If we move to default 7, I'd rather min 7, for the reason gingeropolous gave.
1:00 PM â defterade_ quit (~AndChat54@ip5451444e.direct-adsl.nl) Ping timeout: 256 seconds
1:00 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; each time we make a decision to do ringsize += 2
1:00 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; theÂ % harm it does is lower than the previous time we made the decision, in terms of cost
1:01 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Clever argumentÂ :)
1:01 PM &lt;+hyc&gt; lol.
1:01 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; lol
1:01 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; its possible transactions are already stamped as service vs. user though, primarily due to the number of outputs
1:01 PM &lt;rehrar&gt; Alright, it's past time. Shall we decide next meeting, or we want to keep discussing a bit?
1:01 PM &lt;suraeNoether&gt; but the improvement to security are unknown, so while it seems clever, it's a good way to induct our ways into blockchain hell
1:01 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; rehrar: iâm open to continuing this meeting a bit
1:02 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; surae good point. We can "formally" say here that the reason for the increase is to better protect against 50% threat models. We can tie performance to that benchmark unless some fork exceeds this threshold
1:02 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; something along those lines
1:03 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Well, it seems people are exhausted
1:03 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; This was an unusual case since no one had thought about a large-scale key image reuse attack before
1:04 PM â qwebirc74821 quit (63fc18a6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.99.252.24.166) Ping timeout: 260 seconds
1:04 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; In itself somewhat surprising, no?
1:04 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; Given all the forking that happens around us
1:04 PM â @ArticMine (opped) joined  
1:05 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; fluffypony hyc luigi1111 are you ok with minimum 7? I think most people think this is better than default 7
1:05 PM &lt;Slack_3&gt; &lt;rehrar&gt; Ok, we can officially end for those who have to go, but as always discussion can continue
1:06 PM &lt;rbrunner&gt; See you next week then
1:06 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; Same time, same channel.
1:06 PM &lt;Slack_3&gt; &lt;rehrar&gt; March 4th, 17 UTC
1:06 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; well is there gonna be a post meeting now for those that got the time mixed up in the other direction?Â :)
1:06 PM â WWW-XMRTalk-Org| quit (b999b002@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.185.153.176.2) Quit: http://www.kiwiirc.com/ - A hand crafted IRC client
1:06 PM &lt;Slack_3&gt; &lt;rehrar&gt; Let's do it.
1:07 PM &lt;sgp_&gt; lol gingeropolous
1:07 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; 3 hour dev meetings! Because the more meetings you have, the more productive you are
1:07 PM &lt;Slack_3&gt; &lt;rehrar&gt; Post meeting agenda: 1. Gingeropolous interpretive dance
1:07 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; said every project manager everywhere
1:07 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; what one programmer can do in one month, two programmers can do in two months
1:08 PM &lt;@fluffypony&gt; lol
1:08 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; |/-\|/-\__==
1:09 PM &lt;gingeropolous&gt; thats it. thats my interpretive dance. it means "kill all asics"
1:09 PM &lt;knifeofpi&gt; lol
1:09 PM &lt;+hyc&gt; yeah I'm fine with min 7
1:10 PM &lt;scoobybejesus&gt; Default RS 7 w/ min RS 5 would mean the network would forgo lots of passive obfuscation, whether or not many-out txns are exchange-stamped
1:10 PM &lt;Slack_3&gt; &lt;rehrar&gt; Thanks everyone. Though sometimes the nitty gritty can be tedious and have tension, it helps to keep some perspective. We're trying to change the world here. More often than not a thankless task.
</pre>
</div>
      
  <div class="bstag field field--name-field-tags field--type-entity-reference field--label-above">
    <div class="field--label">Tags</div>
          <div class="field--items">
              <div class="field--item"><a href="../taxonomy/term/1.html" property="schema:about" hreflang="en">DevMeeting</a></div>
              </div>
      </div>

  </div>

</article>


  </div>

              </section>

                              <aside class="col-sm-3" role="complementary">
              <div class="region region-sidebar-second">
    
<div class="search-block-form block block-search block-search-form-block" data-drupal-selector="search-block-form" id="block-monerobasebs-search" role="search">
  
      <h2 class="visually-hidden">Search</h2>
    
      <form action="https://monerobase.com/search/node" method="get" id="search-block-form" accept-charset="UTF-8">
  <div class="form-item js-form-item form-type-search js-form-type-search form-item-keys js-form-item-keys form-no-label form-group">
      <label for="edit-keys" class="control-label sr-only">Search</label>
  
  
  <div class="input-group"><input title="Enter the terms you wish to search for." data-drupal-selector="edit-keys" class="form-search form-control" placeholder="Search" type="search" id="edit-keys" name="keys" value="" size="15" maxlength="128" data-toggle="tooltip" /><span class="input-group-btn"><button type="submit" value="Search" class="button js-form-submit form-submit btn-primary btn icon-only" name=""><span class="sr-only">Search</span><span class="icon glyphicon glyphicon-search" aria-hidden="true"></span></button></span></div>

  
  
  </div>
<div class="form-actions form-group js-form-wrapper form-wrapper" data-drupal-selector="edit-actions" id="edit-actions--2"></div>

</form>

  </div>

  </div>

          </aside>
                  </div>
  </div>

      <footer class="footer container" role="contentinfo">
        <div class="region region-footer">
    <nav role="navigation" aria-labelledby="block-monerobasebs-footer-menu" id="block-monerobasebs-footer">
            
  <h2 class="visually-hidden" id="block-monerobasebs-footer-menu">Footer menu</h2>
  

        
      <ul class="menu menu--footer nav">
                      <li class="first last">
                                        <a href="../../contact.html" data-drupal-link-system-path="contact">Contact</a>
              </li>
        </ul>
  

  </nav>

  </div>

    </footer>
  
  </div>

    
    <script type="application/json" data-drupal-selector="drupal-settings-json">{"path":{"baseUrl":"\/index.php\/","scriptPath":null,"pathPrefix":"","currentPath":"node\/40","currentPathIsAdmin":false,"isFront":false,"currentLanguage":"en"},"pluralDelimiter":"\u0003","google_analytics":{"trackOutbound":true,"trackMailto":true,"trackDownload":true,"trackDownloadExtensions":"7z|aac|arc|arj|asf|asx|avi|bin|csv|doc(x|m)?|dot(x|m)?|exe|flv|gif|gz|gzip|hqx|jar|jpe?g|js|mp(2|3|4|e?g)|mov(ie)?|msi|msp|pdf|phps|png|ppt(x|m)?|pot(x|m)?|pps(x|m)?|ppam|sld(x|m)?|thmx|qtm?|ra(m|r)?|sea|sit|tar|tgz|torrent|txt|wav|wma|wmv|wpd|xls(x|m|b)?|xlt(x|m)|xlam|xml|z|zip"},"bootstrap":{"forms_has_error_value_toggle":1,"modal_animation":1,"modal_backdrop":"true","modal_focus_input":1,"modal_keyboard":1,"modal_select_text":1,"modal_show":1,"modal_size":"","popover_enabled":1,"popover_animation":1,"popover_auto_close":1,"popover_container":"body","popover_content":"","popover_delay":"0","popover_html":0,"popover_placement":"right","popover_selector":"","popover_title":"","popover_trigger":"click","popover_trigger_autoclose":1,"tooltip_enabled":1,"tooltip_animation":1,"tooltip_container":"body","tooltip_delay":"0","tooltip_html":0,"tooltip_placement":"auto left","tooltip_selector":"","tooltip_trigger":"hover"},"ajaxTrustedUrl":{"\/search\/node":true},"statistics":{"data":{"nid":"40"},"url":"\/core\/modules\/statistics\/statistics.php"},"user":{"uid":0,"permissionsHash":"6e8b9e2018e56017e45be6781217b2cd0b2bbc3b78d0c3e3ba56d47f547db4ee"}}</script>
<script src="../../sites/default/files/js/js_E4Tr-H7Le9ipAqZS8D6MaK3E1BwfV_2_T7-uEptohlE.js"></script>
<script src="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/js/all.js"></script>
<script src="https://use.fontawesome.com/releases/v5.0.13/js/v4-shims.js"></script>
<script src="../../sites/default/files/js/js_f2fH9USt37hLTTE1fyT7CjmcVvMC7SAlrilqRnW_-PY.js"></script>
<script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/bootstrap/3.3.7/js/bootstrap.min.js"></script>
<script src="../../sites/default/files/js/js_i5SBX_d9v80iNxz7wZqRTlzbBTI23wO1LUsxHUToGTY.js"></script>

  </body>
</html>
